docs/modules/usage/cloud/gitlab-installation.md, before:

# GitLab Installation

This guide walks you through the process of installing and configuring OpenHands Cloud for your GitLab repositories.

## Prerequisites

- A GitLab account
- Access to OpenHands Cloud

## Installation Steps

1. Log in to [OpenHands Cloud](https://app.all-hands.dev)
2. If you haven't connected your GitLab account yet:
   - Click on `Connect to GitLab`
   - Review and accept the terms of service
   - Authorize the OpenHands AI application

## Adding Repository Access

You can grant OpenHands access to specific repositories:

1. Click on the `Select a GitLab project` dropdown, then select `Add more repositories...`
2. Select your organization and choose the specific repositories to grant OpenHands access to.
   - OpenHands requests permissions with these scopes:
     - api: Full API access
     - read_user: Read user information
     - read_repository: Read repository information
     - write_repository: Write to repository
   - Repository access for a user is granted based on:
     - Permission granted for the repository
     - User's GitLab permissions (owner/maintainer/developer)
3. Click `Install & Authorize`

## Modifying Repository Access

You can modify repository access at any time:
* Using the same `Select a GitLab project > Add more repositories` workflow, or
* By visiting the Settings page and selecting `Configure GitLab Repositories` in the `GitLab Settings` section.

## Using OpenHands with GitLab

Once you've granted repository access, you can use OpenHands with your GitLab repositories in several ways:

### With Issues

Label an issue with `openhands` and OpenHands will:
1. Comment on the issue to let you know it's working on it
2. Open a merge request if it determines that the issue has been successfully resolved
3. Comment on the issue with a summary of the performed tasks and a link to the merge request

### With Merge Requests

Use `@openhands` in comments to:
- Ask questions
- Request updates
- Get code explanations

## Next Steps

- [Access the OpenHands Cloud UI](./cloud-ui.md) to interact with the web interface
- [Use the OpenHands Cloud API](./cloud-api.md) to programmatically interact with OpenHands

Commit message:

Reorganize Cloud documentation structure and consolidate issue resolver information

docs/modules/usage/cloud/gitlab-installation.md, after:

# GitLab Installation

This guide walks you through the process of installing and configuring OpenHands Cloud for your GitLab repositories.

## Prerequisites

- A GitLab account
- Access to OpenHands Cloud

## Installation Steps

1. Log in to [OpenHands Cloud](https://app.all-hands.dev)
2. If you haven't connected your GitLab account yet:
   - Click on `Connect to GitLab`
   - Review and accept the terms of service
   - Authorize the OpenHands AI application

## Adding Repository Access

You can grant OpenHands access to specific repositories:

1. Click on the `Select a GitLab project` dropdown, then select `Add more repositories...`
2. Select your organization and choose the specific repositories to grant OpenHands access to.
   - OpenHands requests permissions with these scopes:
     - api: Full API access
     - read_user: Read user information
     - read_repository: Read repository information
     - write_repository: Write to repository
   - Repository access for a user is granted based on:
     - Permission granted for the repository
     - User's GitLab permissions (owner/maintainer/developer)
3. Click `Install & Authorize`

## Modifying Repository Access

You can modify repository access at any time:
* Using the same `Select a GitLab project > Add more repositories` workflow, or
* By visiting the Settings page and selecting `Configure GitLab Repositories` in the `GitLab Settings` section.

## Using OpenHands with GitLab

Once you've granted repository access, you can use OpenHands with your GitLab repositories.

For details on how to use OpenHands with GitLab issues and merge requests, see the [Cloud Issue Resolver](./cloud-issue-resolver.md) documentation.

## Next Steps

- [Access the Cloud UI](./cloud-ui.md) to interact with the web interface
- [Use the Cloud Issue Resolver](./cloud-issue-resolver.md) to automate code fixes and get assistance
- [Use the Cloud API](./cloud-api.md) to programmatically interact with OpenHands
