docs/modules/usage/cloud/openhands-cloud.md, before:

# OpenHands Cloud

OpenHands Cloud is the hosted cloud version of All Hands AI's OpenHands.

## Getting Started

OpenHands Cloud provides a powerful AI assistant that can help you with your software development tasks. This guide will walk you through the process of getting started with OpenHands Cloud.

### Accessing OpenHands Cloud

Currently, users are being admitted to access OpenHands Cloud in waves. To sign up, [join the waitlist](https://www.all-hands.dev/join-waitlist). Once approved, you'll receive an email with instructions on how to access it.

After visiting OpenHands Cloud, you'll be prompted to connect with your GitHub or GitLab account:

1. After reading and accepting the terms of service, click `Connect to GitHub` or `Connect to GitLab`.
2. Review the permissions requested by OpenHands and authorize the application.
   - OpenHands will require certain permissions from your account. To read more about these permissions,
     you can click the `Learn more` link on the authorization page.

### Next Steps

Once you've connected your account, you can:

- [Install GitHub Integration](./github-installation.md) to use OpenHands with your GitHub repositories
- [Install GitLab Integration](./gitlab-installation.md) to use OpenHands with your GitLab repositories
- [Access the OpenHands Cloud UI](./cloud-ui.md) to interact with the web interface
- [Use the OpenHands Cloud API](./cloud-api.md) to programmatically interact with OpenHands
- [Set up the GitHub Resolver](./cloud-github-resolver.md) to automate code fixes and provide intelligent assistance

Commit message:

Remove waitlist information from OpenHands Cloud documentation

docs/modules/usage/cloud/openhands-cloud.md, after:

# OpenHands Cloud

OpenHands Cloud is the hosted cloud version of All Hands AI's OpenHands.

## Getting Started

OpenHands Cloud provides a powerful AI assistant that can help you with your software development tasks. This guide will walk you through the process of getting started with OpenHands Cloud.

### Accessing OpenHands Cloud

To get started with OpenHands Cloud, visit [app.all-hands.dev](https://app.all-hands.dev).

You'll be prompted to connect with your GitHub or GitLab account:

1. After reading and accepting the terms of service, click `Connect to GitHub` or `Connect to GitLab`.
2. Review the permissions requested by OpenHands and authorize the application.
   - OpenHands will require certain permissions from your account. To read more about these permissions,
     you can click the `Learn more` link on the authorization page.

### Next Steps

Once you've connected your account, you can:

- [Install GitHub Integration](./github-installation.md) to use OpenHands with your GitHub repositories
- [Install GitLab Integration](./gitlab-installation.md) to use OpenHands with your GitLab repositories
- [Access the OpenHands Cloud UI](./cloud-ui.md) to interact with the web interface
- [Use the OpenHands Cloud API](./cloud-api.md) to programmatically interact with OpenHands
- [Set up the GitHub Resolver](./cloud-github-resolver.md) to automate code fixes and provide intelligent assistance
