openhands/runtime/impl/daytona/README.md, before:

# Daytona Runtime

[Daytona](https://www.daytona.io/) is a platform that provides a secure and elastic infrastructure for running AI-generated code. It provides all the necessary features for an AI Agent to interact with a codebase. It provides a Daytona SDK with official Python and TypeScript interfaces for interacting with Daytona, enabling you to programmatically manage development environments and execute code.

## Quick Start

### Step 1: Retrieve Your Daytona API Key
1. Visit the [Daytona Dashboard](https://app.daytona.io/dashboard/keys).
2. Click **"Create Key"**.
3. Enter a name for your key and confirm the creation.
4. Once the key is generated, copy it.

### Step 2: Set Your API Key as an Environment Variable
Run the following command in your terminal, replacing `<your-api-key>` with the actual key you copied:

Mac/Linux:
```bash
export DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

Windows PowerShell:
```powershell
$env:DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

This step ensures that OpenHands can authenticate with the Daytona platform when it runs.

### Step 3: Run OpenHands Locally Using Docker
To start the latest version of OpenHands on your machine, execute the following command in your terminal:

Mac/Linux:
```bash
bash -i <(curl -sL https://get.daytona.io/openhands)
```

Windows:
```powershell
powershell -Command "irm https://get.daytona.io/openhands-windows | iex"
```

#### What This Command Does:
- Downloads the latest OpenHands release script.
- Runs the script in an interactive Bash session.
- Automatically pulls and runs the OpenHands container using Docker.
Once executed, OpenHands should be running locally and ready for use.


## Manual Initialization

### Step 1: Set the `OPENHANDS_VERSION` Environment Variable
Run the following command in your terminal, replacing `<openhands-release>` with the latest release's version seen in the [main README.md file](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands?tab=readme-ov-file#-quick-start):

#### Mac/Linux:
```bash
export OPENHANDS_VERSION="<openhands-release>"  # e.g. 0.27
```

#### Windows PowerShell:
```powershell
$env:OPENHANDS_VERSION="<openhands-release>"  # e.g. 0.27
```

### Step 2: Retrieve Your Daytona API Key
1. Visit the [Daytona Dashboard](https://app.daytona.io/dashboard/keys).
2. Click **"Create Key"**.
3. Enter a name for your key and confirm the creation.
4. Once the key is generated, copy it.

### Step 3: Set Your API Key as an Environment Variable:
Run the following command in your terminal, replacing `<your-api-key>` with the actual key you copied:

#### Mac/Linux:
```bash
export DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

#### Windows PowerShell:
```powershell
$env:DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

### Step 4: Run the following `docker` command:
This command pulls and runs the OpenHands container using Docker. Once executed, OpenHands should be running locally and ready for use.

#### Mac/Linux:
```bash
docker run -it --rm --pull=always \
    -e SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/runtime:${OPENHANDS_VERSION}-nikolaik \
    -e LOG_ALL_EVENTS=true \
    -e RUNTIME=daytona \
    -e DAYTONA_API_KEY=${DAYTONA_API_KEY} \
    -v ~/.openhands:/.openhands \
    -p 3000:3000 \
    --name openhands-app \
    docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:${OPENHANDS_VERSION}
```

#### Windows:
```powershell
docker run -it --rm --pull=always `
    -e SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/runtime:${env:OPENHANDS_VERSION}-nikolaik `
    -e LOG_ALL_EVENTS=true `
    -e RUNTIME=daytona `
    -e DAYTONA_API_KEY=${env:DAYTONA_API_KEY} `
    -v ~/.openhands:/.openhands `
    -p 3000:3000 `
    --name openhands-app `
    docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:${env:OPENHANDS_VERSION}
```

> **Tip:** If you don't want your sandboxes to default to the EU region, you can set the `DAYTONA_TARGET` environment variable to `us`

### Running OpenHands Locally Without Docker

Alternatively, if you want to run the OpenHands app on your local machine using `make run` without Docker, make sure to set the following environment variables first:

#### Mac/Linux:
```bash
export RUNTIME="daytona"
export DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

#### Windows PowerShell:
```powershell
$env:RUNTIME="daytona"
$env:DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

## Documentation
Read more by visiting our [documentation](https://www.daytona.io/docs/) page.

Commit message:

Add migration notes for users upgrading from pre-0.44 versions
Added migration notes to all Docker run commands that use the ~/.openhands directory:
- README.md and README_CN.md (main installation instructions)
- docs/usage/local-setup.mdx
- docs/usage/llms/local-llms.mdx
- docs/usage/how-to/cli-mode.mdx
- docs/usage/how-to/headless-mode.mdx
- docs/usage/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.mdx
- openhands/runtime/impl/daytona/README.md

The notes inform users to run 'mv ~/.openhands-state ~/.openhands' to migrate
their conversation history when upgrading from versions before 0.44.

openhands/runtime/impl/daytona/README.md, after:

# Daytona Runtime

[Daytona](https://www.daytona.io/) is a platform that provides a secure and elastic infrastructure for running AI-generated code. It provides all the necessary features for an AI Agent to interact with a codebase. It provides a Daytona SDK with official Python and TypeScript interfaces for interacting with Daytona, enabling you to programmatically manage development environments and execute code.

## Quick Start

### Step 1: Retrieve Your Daytona API Key
1. Visit the [Daytona Dashboard](https://app.daytona.io/dashboard/keys).
2. Click **"Create Key"**.
3. Enter a name for your key and confirm the creation.
4. Once the key is generated, copy it.

### Step 2: Set Your API Key as an Environment Variable
Run the following command in your terminal, replacing `<your-api-key>` with the actual key you copied:

Mac/Linux:
```bash
export DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

Windows PowerShell:
```powershell
$env:DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

This step ensures that OpenHands can authenticate with the Daytona platform when it runs.

### Step 3: Run OpenHands Locally Using Docker
To start the latest version of OpenHands on your machine, execute the following command in your terminal:

Mac/Linux:
```bash
bash -i <(curl -sL https://get.daytona.io/openhands)
```

Windows:
```powershell
powershell -Command "irm https://get.daytona.io/openhands-windows | iex"
```

#### What This Command Does:
- Downloads the latest OpenHands release script.
- Runs the script in an interactive Bash session.
- Automatically pulls and runs the OpenHands container using Docker.
Once executed, OpenHands should be running locally and ready for use.


## Manual Initialization

### Step 1: Set the `OPENHANDS_VERSION` Environment Variable
Run the following command in your terminal, replacing `<openhands-release>` with the latest release's version seen in the [main README.md file](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands?tab=readme-ov-file#-quick-start):

#### Mac/Linux:
```bash
export OPENHANDS_VERSION="<openhands-release>"  # e.g. 0.27
```

#### Windows PowerShell:
```powershell
$env:OPENHANDS_VERSION="<openhands-release>"  # e.g. 0.27
```

### Step 2: Retrieve Your Daytona API Key
1. Visit the [Daytona Dashboard](https://app.daytona.io/dashboard/keys).
2. Click **"Create Key"**.
3. Enter a name for your key and confirm the creation.
4. Once the key is generated, copy it.

### Step 3: Set Your API Key as an Environment Variable:
Run the following command in your terminal, replacing `<your-api-key>` with the actual key you copied:

#### Mac/Linux:
```bash
export DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

#### Windows PowerShell:
```powershell
$env:DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

### Step 4: Run the following `docker` command:
This command pulls and runs the OpenHands container using Docker. Once executed, OpenHands should be running locally and ready for use.

#### Mac/Linux:
```bash
docker run -it --rm --pull=always \
    -e SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/runtime:${OPENHANDS_VERSION}-nikolaik \
    -e LOG_ALL_EVENTS=true \
    -e RUNTIME=daytona \
    -e DAYTONA_API_KEY=${DAYTONA_API_KEY} \
    -v ~/.openhands:/.openhands \
    -p 3000:3000 \
    --name openhands-app \
    docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:${OPENHANDS_VERSION}
```

> **Note**: If you used OpenHands before version 0.44, you may want to run `mv ~/.openhands-state ~/.openhands` to migrate your conversation history to the new location.

#### Windows:
```powershell
docker run -it --rm --pull=always `
    -e SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/runtime:${env:OPENHANDS_VERSION}-nikolaik `
    -e LOG_ALL_EVENTS=true `
    -e RUNTIME=daytona `
    -e DAYTONA_API_KEY=${env:DAYTONA_API_KEY} `
    -v ~/.openhands:/.openhands `
    -p 3000:3000 `
    --name openhands-app `
    docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:${env:OPENHANDS_VERSION}
```

> **Note**: If you used OpenHands before version 0.44, you may want to run `mv ~/.openhands-state ~/.openhands` to migrate your conversation history to the new location.

> **Tip:** If you don't want your sandboxes to default to the EU region, you can set the `DAYTONA_TARGET` environment variable to `us`

### Running OpenHands Locally Without Docker

Alternatively, if you want to run the OpenHands app on your local machine using `make run` without Docker, make sure to set the following environment variables first:

#### Mac/Linux:
```bash
export RUNTIME="daytona"
export DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

#### Windows PowerShell:
```powershell
$env:RUNTIME="daytona"
$env:DAYTONA_API_KEY="<your-api-key>"
```

## Documentation
Read more by visiting our [documentation](https://www.daytona.io/docs/) page.
