docs/modules/usage/llms/llms.md, before:

# 🤖 LLM Backends

:::note
This section is for users who want to connect OpenHands to different LLMs.
:::

OpenHands can connect to any LLM supported by LiteLLM. However, it requires a powerful model to work.

## Model Recommendations

Based on our evaluations of language models for coding tasks (using the SWE-bench dataset), we can provide some
recommendations for model selection. Our latest benchmarking results can be found in [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wOUdFCMyY6Nt0AIqF705KN4JKOWgeI4wUGUP60krXXs/edit?gid=0).

Based on these findings and community feedback, these are the latest models that have been verified to work reasonably well with OpenHands:

- [anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-20250514](https://www.anthropic.com/api) (recommended)
- [openai/o4-mini](https://openai.com/index/introducing-o3-and-o4-mini/)
- [gemini/gemini-2.5-pro](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/gemini-model-thinking-updates-march-2025/)
- [deepseek/deepseek-chat](https://api-docs.deepseek.com/)
- [all-hands/openhands-lm-32b-v0.1](https://www.all-hands.dev/blog/introducing-openhands-lm-32b----a-strong-open-coding-agent-model) -- available through [OpenRouter](https://openrouter.ai/all-hands/openhands-lm-32b-v0.1)


:::warning
OpenHands will issue many prompts to the LLM you configure. Most of these LLMs cost money, so be sure to set spending
limits and monitor usage.
:::

If you have successfully run OpenHands with specific providers, we encourage you to open a PR to share your setup process 
to help others using the same provider!

For a full list of the providers and models available, please consult the
[litellm documentation](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/providers).

:::note
Most current local and open source models are not as powerful. When using such models, you may see long
wait times between messages, poor responses, or errors about malformed JSON. OpenHands can only be as powerful as the
models driving it. However, if you do find ones that work, please add them to the verified list above.
:::

## LLM Configuration

The following can be set in the OpenHands UI through the Settings:

- `LLM Provider`
- `LLM Model`
- `API Key`
- `Base URL` (through `Advanced` settings)

There are some settings that may be necessary for some LLMs/providers that cannot be set through the UI. Instead, these
can be set through environment variables passed to the docker run command when starting the app
using `-e`:

- `LLM_API_VERSION`
- `LLM_EMBEDDING_MODEL`
- `LLM_EMBEDDING_DEPLOYMENT_NAME`
- `LLM_DROP_PARAMS`
- `LLM_DISABLE_VISION`
- `LLM_CACHING_PROMPT`

We have a few guides for running OpenHands with specific model providers:

- [Azure](llms/azure-llms)
- [Google](llms/google-llms)
- [Groq](llms/groq)
- [Local LLMs with SGLang or vLLM](llms/../local-llms.md)
- [LiteLLM Proxy](llms/litellm-proxy)
- [OpenAI](llms/openai-llms)
- [OpenRouter](llms/openrouter)

### API retries and rate limits

LLM providers typically have rate limits, sometimes very low, and may require retries. OpenHands will automatically
retry requests if it receives a Rate Limit Error (429 error code).

You can customize these options as you need for the provider you're using. Check their documentation, and set the
following environment variables to control the number of retries and the time between retries:

- `LLM_NUM_RETRIES` (Default of 4 times)
- `LLM_RETRY_MIN_WAIT` (Default of 5 seconds)
- `LLM_RETRY_MAX_WAIT` (Default of 30 seconds)
- `LLM_RETRY_MULTIPLIER` (Default of 2)

If you are running OpenHands in development mode, you can also set these options in the `config.toml` file:

```toml
[llm]
num_retries = 4
retry_min_wait = 5
retry_max_wait = 30
retry_multiplier = 2
```

Commit message:

feat: Add support for Mistral AI models with customizable safety settings

docs/modules/usage/llms/llms.md, after:

# 🤖 LLM Backends

:::note
This section is for users who want to connect OpenHands to different LLMs.
:::

OpenHands can connect to any LLM supported by LiteLLM. However, it requires a powerful model to work.

## Model Recommendations

Based on our evaluations of language models for coding tasks (using the SWE-bench dataset), we can provide some
recommendations for model selection. Our latest benchmarking results can be found in [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wOUdFCMyY6Nt0AIqF705KN4JKOWgeI4wUGUP60krXXs/edit?gid=0).

Based on these findings and community feedback, these are the latest models that have been verified to work reasonably well with OpenHands:

- [anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-20250514](https://www.anthropic.com/api) (recommended)
- [openai/o4-mini](https://openai.com/index/introducing-o3-and-o4-mini/)
- [gemini/gemini-2.5-pro](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/gemini-model-thinking-updates-march-2025/)
- [deepseek/deepseek-chat](https://api-docs.deepseek.com/)
- [all-hands/openhands-lm-32b-v0.1](https://www.all-hands.dev/blog/introducing-openhands-lm-32b----a-strong-open-coding-agent-model) -- available through [OpenRouter](https://openrouter.ai/all-hands/openhands-lm-32b-v0.1)
- [mistral/mistral-large](https://docs.mistral.ai/) - Good performance with adjusted safety settings


:::warning
OpenHands will issue many prompts to the LLM you configure. Most of these LLMs cost money, so be sure to set spending
limits and monitor usage.
:::

If you have successfully run OpenHands with specific providers, we encourage you to open a PR to share your setup process
to help others using the same provider!

For a full list of the providers and models available, please consult the
[litellm documentation](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/providers).

:::note
Most current local and open source models are not as powerful. When using such models, you may see long
wait times between messages, poor responses, or errors about malformed JSON. OpenHands can only be as powerful as the
models driving it. However, if you do find ones that work, please add them to the verified list above.
:::

## LLM Configuration

The following can be set in the OpenHands UI through the Settings:

- `LLM Provider`
- `LLM Model`
- `API Key`
- `Base URL` (through `Advanced` settings)

There are some settings that may be necessary for some LLMs/providers that cannot be set through the UI. Instead, these
can be set through environment variables passed to the docker run command when starting the app
using `-e`:

- `LLM_API_VERSION`
- `LLM_EMBEDDING_MODEL`
- `LLM_EMBEDDING_DEPLOYMENT_NAME`
- `LLM_DROP_PARAMS`
- `LLM_DISABLE_VISION`
- `LLM_CACHING_PROMPT`

We have a few guides for running OpenHands with specific model providers:

- [Azure](llms/azure-llms)
- [Google](llms/google-llms)
- [Groq](llms/groq)
- [Local LLMs with SGLang or vLLM](llms/../local-llms.md)
- [LiteLLM Proxy](llms/litellm-proxy)
- [OpenAI](llms/openai-llms)
- [OpenRouter](llms/openrouter)

## Model-Specific Settings

Some LLM providers have specific settings that can be customized to optimize their performance with OpenHands, particularly for code generation tasks:

- **Safety Settings**: For models like Mistral AI and Gemini, you can adjust safety settings to prevent unnecessary filtering of code generation tasks
- **Custom Tokenizers**: For specialized models, you can configure custom tokenizers
- **Native Tool Calling**: Toggle native function/tool calling capabilities

For detailed information about model-specific settings, see our [Model Settings Guide](llms/model_settings).

### API retries and rate limits

LLM providers typically have rate limits, sometimes very low, and may require retries. OpenHands will automatically
retry requests if it receives a Rate Limit Error (429 error code).

You can customize these options as you need for the provider you're using. Check their documentation, and set the
following environment variables to control the number of retries and the time between retries:

- `LLM_NUM_RETRIES` (Default of 4 times)
- `LLM_RETRY_MIN_WAIT` (Default of 5 seconds)
- `LLM_RETRY_MAX_WAIT` (Default of 30 seconds)
- `LLM_RETRY_MULTIPLIER` (Default of 2)

If you are running OpenHands in development mode, you can also set these options in the `config.toml` file:

```toml
[llm]
num_retries = 4
retry_min_wait = 5
retry_max_wait = 30
retry_multiplier = 2
```
