docs/usage/cloud/slack-installation.mdx, before:

---
title: Slack Integration - Coming soon...
description: This guide walks you through installing the OpenHands Slack app.
---

<Warning>This integration is not live yet, but will be available soon.</Warning>

## Prerequisites

- You are a slack workspace admin
- Access to OpenHands Cloud

## Installation Steps

1. Log in to [OpenHands Cloud](https://app.all-hands.dev)
2. Click the button below to OpenHands Slack App <a target="_blank" href="https://slack.com/oauth/v2/authorize?client_id=7477886716822.8729519890534&scope=app_mentions:read,chat:write,users:read,channels:history,groups:history,mpim:history,im:history&user_scope=channels:history,groups:history,im:history,mpim:history"><img alt="Add to Slack" height="40" width="139" src="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png" srcSet="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png 1x, https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack@2x.png 2x" /></a>
3. In the top right corner, select the workspace to install the OpenHands Slack app.
4. Review permissions and click allow

## Working With the Slack App

To start a new conversation, you can mention `@openhands` in a new message or a thread inside any Slack channel.

Once a conversation is started, all thread messages underneath it will be follow-up messages to OpenHands.

To send follow-up messages for the same conversation, mention `@openhands` in a thread reply to the original message. You must be the user who started the conversation.

## Example conversation

### Start a new conversation, and select repo

Conversation is started by mentioning `@openhands`.

![slack-create-convo.png](/static/img/slack-create-convo.png)

### See agent response and send follow up messages

Initial request is followed up by mentioning `@openhands` in a thread reply.

![slack-results-and-follow-up.png](/static/img/slack-results-and-follow-up.png)

## Pro tip

You can mention a repo name when starting a new conversation in the following formats

1. "My-Repo" repo (e.g `@openhands in the openhands repo ...`)
2. "All-Hands-AI/OpenHands" (e.g `@openhands in All-Hands-AI/OpenHands ...`)

The repo match is case insensitive. If a repo name match is made, it will kick off the conversation.
If the repo name partially matches against, multiple repos, you'll be asked to select a repo from the filtered list.

![slack-pro-tip.png](/static/img/slack-pro-tip.png)

Commit message:

add optional step info for slack

docs/usage/cloud/slack-installation.mdx, after:

---
title: Slack Integration - Coming soon...
description: This guide walks you through installing the OpenHands Slack app.
---

<Warning>This integration is not live yet, but will be available soon.</Warning>

## Prerequisites

- You are a slack workspace admin
- Access to OpenHands Cloud

## Installation Steps

1. Log in to [OpenHands Cloud](https://app.all-hands.dev)
2. Click the button below to OpenHands Slack App <a target="_blank" href="https://slack.com/oauth/v2/authorize?client_id=7477886716822.8729519890534&scope=app_mentions:read,chat:write,users:read,channels:history,groups:history,mpim:history,im:history&user_scope=channels:history,groups:history,im:history,mpim:history"><img alt="Add to Slack" height="40" width="139" src="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png" srcSet="https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack.png 1x, https://platform.slack-edge.com/img/add_to_slack@2x.png 2x" /></a>
3. In the top right corner, select the workspace to install the OpenHands Slack app.
4. Review permissions and click allow
5. (Optional): Manage who can use Openhands from Slack via [workspace settings](https://slack.com/help/articles/222386767-Manage-app-approval-for-your-workspace)

## Working With the Slack App

To start a new conversation, you can mention `@openhands` in a new message or a thread inside any Slack channel.

Once a conversation is started, all thread messages underneath it will be follow-up messages to OpenHands.

To send follow-up messages for the same conversation, mention `@openhands` in a thread reply to the original message. You must be the user who started the conversation.

## Example conversation

### Start a new conversation, and select repo

Conversation is started by mentioning `@openhands`.

![slack-create-convo.png](/static/img/slack-create-convo.png)

### See agent response and send follow up messages

Initial request is followed up by mentioning `@openhands` in a thread reply.

![slack-results-and-follow-up.png](/static/img/slack-results-and-follow-up.png)

## Pro tip

You can mention a repo name when starting a new conversation in the following formats

1. "My-Repo" repo (e.g `@openhands in the openhands repo ...`)
2. "All-Hands-AI/OpenHands" (e.g `@openhands in All-Hands-AI/OpenHands ...`)

The repo match is case insensitive. If a repo name match is made, it will kick off the conversation.
If the repo name partially matches against, multiple repos, you'll be asked to select a repo from the filtered list.

![slack-pro-tip.png](/static/img/slack-pro-tip.png)
