microagents/ssh.md, before:

---
name: SSH Microagent
type: knowledge
version: 1.0.0
agent: CodeActAgent
triggers:
  - ssh
  - secure shell
  - ssh keys
  - ssh connection
  - ssh config
  - ssh-keygen
  - scp
---

# SSH Microagent

This microagent provides capabilities for establishing and managing SSH connections to remote machines.

## Capabilities

- Establish SSH connections using password or key-based authentication
- Generate and manage SSH key pairs
- Configure SSH for easier connections
- Execute commands on remote machines
- Transfer files between local and remote machines
- Manage SSH configurations and known hosts
- Store and retrieve SSH keys securely using AWS Secrets Manager

## Authentication Methods

### Password Authentication

```bash
ssh username@hostname
```

When prompted, the user will need to enter their password.

### Key-Based Authentication

Generate a new SSH key pair:
```bash
ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -f ~/.ssh/key_name -C "comment" -N ""
```

Copy the public key to the remote server:
```bash
ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/key_name.pub username@hostname
```

Connect using the private key:
```bash
ssh -i ~/.ssh/key_name username@hostname
```

## SSH Configuration

Create or edit the SSH config file for easier connections:
```bash
mkdir -p ~/.ssh
cat > ~/.ssh/config << 'EOF'
Host alias
    HostName hostname_or_ip
    User username
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/key_name
    Port 22
    ServerAliveInterval 60
EOF
chmod 600 ~/.ssh/config
```

Then connect using the alias:
```bash
ssh alias
```

## Common SSH Options

- `-p PORT`: Connect to a specific port
- `-X`: Enable X11 forwarding
- `-L local_port:remote_host:remote_port`: Set up local port forwarding
- `-R remote_port:local_host:local_port`: Set up remote port forwarding
- `-N`: Do not execute a remote command (useful for port forwarding)
- `-f`: Run in background
- `-v`: Verbose mode (add more v's for increased verbosity)

## File Transfer with SCP

Copy a file to the remote server:
```bash
scp /path/to/local/file username@hostname:/path/to/remote/directory/
```

Copy a file from the remote server:
```bash
scp username@hostname:/path/to/remote/file /path/to/local/directory/
```

Copy a directory recursively:
```bash
scp -r /path/to/local/directory username@hostname:/path/to/remote/directory/
```

## SSH Agent

Start the SSH agent:
```bash
eval "$(ssh-agent -s)"
```

Add a key to the agent:
```bash
ssh-add ~/.ssh/key_name
```

## Troubleshooting

- Check SSH service status on remote: `systemctl status sshd`
- Verify SSH port is open: `nc -zv hostname 22`
- Debug connection issues: `ssh -vvv username@hostname`
- Check permissions: SSH private keys should have 600 permissions (`chmod 600 ~/.ssh/key_name`)
- Verify known_hosts: If host key changed, remove the old entry with `ssh-keygen -R hostname`

## Secure SSH Key Management

### Storing SSH Keys in AWS Secrets Manager

For secure storage and retrieval of SSH keys across multiple machines, you can use AWS Secrets Manager:

```python
# Store SSH keys in AWS Secrets Manager
python /workspace/store_ssh_keys.py

# Retrieve SSH keys from AWS Secrets Manager
python /workspace/retrieve_ssh_keys.py
```

These scripts handle:
- Proper file permissions (600 for private keys, 644 for public keys)
- Secure storage of both private and public keys
- SSH config file management
- Structured organization of multiple keys

For more details on secrets management, use the Secrets Management microagent:
```
secrets management
```

## Security Best Practices

- Use key-based authentication instead of passwords
- Use strong, unique keys (ED25519 or RSA with at least 4096 bits)
- Protect private keys with passphrases
- Disable root login and password authentication on servers
- Use non-standard ports for public-facing servers
- Implement fail2ban or similar for brute force protection
- Regularly update SSH server and client software
- Store SSH keys securely using a secrets manager
- Rotate SSH keys regularly, especially after team member departures

Commit message:

Make AWS Secrets Manager optional for SSH key management

microagents/ssh.md, after:

---
name: SSH Microagent
type: knowledge
version: 1.0.0
agent: CodeActAgent
triggers:
  - ssh
  - secure shell
  - ssh keys
  - ssh connection
  - ssh config
  - ssh-keygen
  - scp
---

# SSH Microagent

This microagent provides capabilities for establishing and managing SSH connections to remote machines.

## Capabilities

- Establish SSH connections using password or key-based authentication
- Generate and manage SSH key pairs
- Configure SSH for easier connections
- Execute commands on remote machines
- Transfer files between local and remote machines
- Manage SSH configurations and known hosts
- Store and retrieve SSH keys securely using various methods (local, password managers, or AWS Secrets Manager)

## Authentication Methods

### Password Authentication

```bash
ssh username@hostname
```

When prompted, the user will need to enter their password.

### Key-Based Authentication

Generate a new SSH key pair:
```bash
ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -f ~/.ssh/key_name -C "comment" -N ""
```

Copy the public key to the remote server:
```bash
ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/key_name.pub username@hostname
```

Connect using the private key:
```bash
ssh -i ~/.ssh/key_name username@hostname
```

## SSH Configuration

Create or edit the SSH config file for easier connections:
```bash
mkdir -p ~/.ssh
cat > ~/.ssh/config << 'EOF'
Host alias
    HostName hostname_or_ip
    User username
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/key_name
    Port 22
    ServerAliveInterval 60
EOF
chmod 600 ~/.ssh/config
```

Then connect using the alias:
```bash
ssh alias
```

## Common SSH Options

- `-p PORT`: Connect to a specific port
- `-X`: Enable X11 forwarding
- `-L local_port:remote_host:remote_port`: Set up local port forwarding
- `-R remote_port:local_host:local_port`: Set up remote port forwarding
- `-N`: Do not execute a remote command (useful for port forwarding)
- `-f`: Run in background
- `-v`: Verbose mode (add more v's for increased verbosity)

## File Transfer with SCP

Copy a file to the remote server:
```bash
scp /path/to/local/file username@hostname:/path/to/remote/directory/
```

Copy a file from the remote server:
```bash
scp username@hostname:/path/to/remote/file /path/to/local/directory/
```

Copy a directory recursively:
```bash
scp -r /path/to/local/directory username@hostname:/path/to/remote/directory/
```

## SSH Agent

Start the SSH agent:
```bash
eval "$(ssh-agent -s)"
```

Add a key to the agent:
```bash
ssh-add ~/.ssh/key_name
```

## Troubleshooting

- Check SSH service status on remote: `systemctl status sshd`
- Verify SSH port is open: `nc -zv hostname 22`
- Debug connection issues: `ssh -vvv username@hostname`
- Check permissions: SSH private keys should have 600 permissions (`chmod 600 ~/.ssh/key_name`)
- Verify known_hosts: If host key changed, remove the old entry with `ssh-keygen -R hostname`

## Secure SSH Key Management

SSH keys should be stored securely to prevent unauthorized access. There are several options for managing SSH keys securely:

### Local Storage with Proper Permissions

The most basic approach is to ensure proper file permissions:

```bash
# Set correct permissions for private keys
chmod 600 ~/.ssh/id_ed25519
# Set correct permissions for public keys
chmod 644 ~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub
# Set correct permissions for SSH directory
chmod 700 ~/.ssh
```

### Using a Password Manager

Many password managers support storing SSH keys securely:
- 1Password
- LastPass
- Bitwarden
- KeePass

### Using AWS Secrets Manager (Optional)

If AWS credentials are available (via environment variables, AWS CLI configuration, or IAM roles), you can use AWS Secrets Manager for secure storage and retrieval of SSH keys across multiple machines:

```python
# Check if AWS credentials are available
aws sts get-caller-identity

# If credentials are available, you can use these scripts:
# Store SSH keys in AWS Secrets Manager
python /workspace/store_ssh_keys.py

# Retrieve SSH keys from AWS Secrets Manager
python /workspace/retrieve_ssh_keys.py
```

These scripts handle:
- Proper file permissions (600 for private keys, 644 for public keys)
- Secure storage of both private and public keys
- SSH config file management
- Structured organization of multiple keys

For more details on secrets management, use the Secrets Management microagent:
```
secrets management
```

## Security Best Practices

- Use key-based authentication instead of passwords
- Use strong, unique keys (ED25519 or RSA with at least 4096 bits)
- Protect private keys with passphrases
- Disable root login and password authentication on servers
- Use non-standard ports for public-facing servers
- Implement fail2ban or similar for brute force protection
- Regularly update SSH server and client software
- Store SSH keys securely using a secrets manager
- Rotate SSH keys regularly, especially after team member departures
