.openhands/microagents/repo.md, before:

This repository contains the code for OpenHands, an automated AI software engineer. It has a Python backend
(in the `openhands` directory) and React frontend (in the `frontend` directory).

## General Setup:
To set up the entire repo, including frontend and backend, run `make build`.
You don't need to do this unless the user asks you to, or if you're trying to run the entire application.

## Running OpenHands with OpenHands:
To run the full application for development or self-improvement:
```bash
export INSTALL_DOCKER=0
export RUNTIME=local
make build && make run
```
For external access (cloud environments), use:
```bash
make run FRONTEND_PORT=12000 FRONTEND_HOST=0.0.0.0 BACKEND_HOST=0.0.0.0
```

IMPORTANT: Before making any changes to the codebase, ALWAYS run `make install-pre-commit-hooks` to ensure pre-commit hooks are properly installed.

Before pushing any changes, you MUST ensure that any lint errors or simple test errors have been fixed.

* If you've made changes to the backend, you should run `pre-commit run --config ./dev_config/python/.pre-commit-config.yaml` (this will run on staged files).
* If you've made changes to the frontend, you should run `cd frontend && npm run lint:fix && npm run build ; cd ..`

The pre-commit hooks MUST pass successfully before pushing any changes to the repository. This is a mandatory requirement to maintain code quality and consistency.

If either command fails, it may have automatically fixed some issues. You should fix any issues that weren't automatically fixed,
then re-run the command to ensure it passes. Common issues include:
- Mypy type errors
- Ruff formatting issues
- Trailing whitespace
- Missing newlines at end of files

## Repository Structure
Backend:
- Located in the `openhands` directory
- Testing:
  - All tests are in `tests/unit/test_*.py`
  - To test new code, run `poetry run pytest tests/unit/test_xxx.py` where `xxx` is the appropriate file for the current functionality
  - Write all tests with pytest

Frontend:
- Located in the `frontend` directory
- Prerequisites: A recent version of NodeJS / NPM
- Setup: Run `npm install` in the frontend directory
- Testing:
  - Run tests: `npm run test`
  - To run specific tests: `npm run test -- -t "TestName"`
  - Our test framework is vitest
- Building:
  - Build for production: `npm run build`
- Environment Variables:
  - Set in `frontend/.env` or as environment variables
  - Available variables: VITE_BACKEND_HOST, VITE_USE_TLS, VITE_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY, VITE_FRONTEND_PORT
- Internationalization:
  - Generate i18n declaration file: `npm run make-i18n`
- Data Fetching & Cache Management:
  - We use TanStack Query (fka React Query) for data fetching and cache management
  - Data Access Layer: API client methods are located in `frontend/src/api` and should never be called directly from UI components - they must always be wrapped with TanStack Query
  - Custom hooks are located in `frontend/src/hooks/query/` and `frontend/src/hooks/mutation/`
  - Query hooks should follow the pattern use[Resource] (e.g., `useConversationMicroagents`)
  - Mutation hooks should follow the pattern use[Action] (e.g., `useDeleteConversation`)
  - Architecture rule: UI components → TanStack Query hooks → Data Access Layer (`frontend/src/api`) → API endpoints

## Template for Github Pull Request

If you are starting a pull request (PR), please follow the template in `.github/pull_request_template.md`.

## Implementation Details

These details may or may not be useful for your current task.

### Frontend

#### Action Handling:
- Actions are defined in `frontend/src/types/action-type.ts`
- The `HANDLED_ACTIONS` array in `frontend/src/state/chat-slice.ts` determines which actions are displayed as collapsible UI elements
- To add a new action type to the UI:
  1. Add the action type to the `HANDLED_ACTIONS` array
  2. Implement the action handling in `addAssistantAction` function in chat-slice.ts
  3. Add a translation key in the format `ACTION_MESSAGE$ACTION_NAME` to the i18n files
- Actions with `thought` property are displayed in the UI based on their action type:
  - Regular actions (like "run", "edit") display the thought as a separate message
  - Special actions (like "think") are displayed as collapsible elements only

#### Adding User Settings:
- To add a new user setting to OpenHands, follow these steps:
  1. Add the setting to the frontend:
     - Add the setting to the `Settings` type in `frontend/src/types/settings.ts`
     - Add the setting to the `ApiSettings` type in the same file
     - Add the setting with an appropriate default value to `DEFAULT_SETTINGS` in `frontend/src/services/settings.ts`
     - Update the `useSettings` hook in `frontend/src/hooks/query/use-settings.ts` to map the API response
     - Update the `useSaveSettings` hook in `frontend/src/hooks/mutation/use-save-settings.ts` to include the setting in API requests
     - Add UI components (like toggle switches) in the appropriate settings screen (e.g., `frontend/src/routes/app-settings.tsx`)
     - Add i18n translations for the setting name and any tooltips in `frontend/src/i18n/translation.json`
     - Add the translation key to `frontend/src/i18n/declaration.ts`
  2. Add the setting to the backend:
     - Add the setting to the `Settings` model in `openhands/storage/data_models/settings.py`
     - Update any relevant backend code to apply the setting (e.g., in session creation)

Commit message:

docs: Use Mintlify Note callout format and update repo.md
- Replace **Note** with <Note> tags in CLI documentation for proper Mintlify format
- Add documentation format standards to repo.md for future reference
- Document that callouts should use <Note> tags instead of markdown formatting

.openhands/microagents/repo.md, after:

This repository contains the code for OpenHands, an automated AI software engineer. It has a Python backend
(in the `openhands` directory) and React frontend (in the `frontend` directory).

## General Setup:
To set up the entire repo, including frontend and backend, run `make build`.
You don't need to do this unless the user asks you to, or if you're trying to run the entire application.

## Running OpenHands with OpenHands:
To run the full application for development or self-improvement:
```bash
export INSTALL_DOCKER=0
export RUNTIME=local
make build && make run
```
For external access (cloud environments), use:
```bash
make run FRONTEND_PORT=12000 FRONTEND_HOST=0.0.0.0 BACKEND_HOST=0.0.0.0
```

IMPORTANT: Before making any changes to the codebase, ALWAYS run `make install-pre-commit-hooks` to ensure pre-commit hooks are properly installed.

Before pushing any changes, you MUST ensure that any lint errors or simple test errors have been fixed.

* If you've made changes to the backend, you should run `pre-commit run --config ./dev_config/python/.pre-commit-config.yaml` (this will run on staged files).
* If you've made changes to the frontend, you should run `cd frontend && npm run lint:fix && npm run build ; cd ..`

The pre-commit hooks MUST pass successfully before pushing any changes to the repository. This is a mandatory requirement to maintain code quality and consistency.

If either command fails, it may have automatically fixed some issues. You should fix any issues that weren't automatically fixed,
then re-run the command to ensure it passes. Common issues include:
- Mypy type errors
- Ruff formatting issues
- Trailing whitespace
- Missing newlines at end of files

## Repository Structure
Backend:
- Located in the `openhands` directory
- Testing:
  - All tests are in `tests/unit/test_*.py`
  - To test new code, run `poetry run pytest tests/unit/test_xxx.py` where `xxx` is the appropriate file for the current functionality
  - Write all tests with pytest

Frontend:
- Located in the `frontend` directory
- Prerequisites: A recent version of NodeJS / NPM
- Setup: Run `npm install` in the frontend directory
- Testing:
  - Run tests: `npm run test`
  - To run specific tests: `npm run test -- -t "TestName"`
  - Our test framework is vitest
- Building:
  - Build for production: `npm run build`
- Environment Variables:
  - Set in `frontend/.env` or as environment variables
  - Available variables: VITE_BACKEND_HOST, VITE_USE_TLS, VITE_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY, VITE_FRONTEND_PORT
- Internationalization:
  - Generate i18n declaration file: `npm run make-i18n`
- Data Fetching & Cache Management:
  - We use TanStack Query (fka React Query) for data fetching and cache management
  - Data Access Layer: API client methods are located in `frontend/src/api` and should never be called directly from UI components - they must always be wrapped with TanStack Query
  - Custom hooks are located in `frontend/src/hooks/query/` and `frontend/src/hooks/mutation/`
  - Query hooks should follow the pattern use[Resource] (e.g., `useConversationMicroagents`)
  - Mutation hooks should follow the pattern use[Action] (e.g., `useDeleteConversation`)
  - Architecture rule: UI components → TanStack Query hooks → Data Access Layer (`frontend/src/api`) → API endpoints

## Documentation

Documentation files are located in the `docs/` directory and use `.mdx` format (Mintlify documentation format).

### Documentation Format Standards:
- Use `<Note>` tags for callouts instead of `**Note**` markdown formatting
- Follow Mintlify documentation format conventions
- CLI documentation is located at `docs/usage/how-to/cli-mode.mdx`

## Template for Github Pull Request

If you are starting a pull request (PR), please follow the template in `.github/pull_request_template.md`.

## Implementation Details

These details may or may not be useful for your current task.

### Frontend

#### Action Handling:
- Actions are defined in `frontend/src/types/action-type.ts`
- The `HANDLED_ACTIONS` array in `frontend/src/state/chat-slice.ts` determines which actions are displayed as collapsible UI elements
- To add a new action type to the UI:
  1. Add the action type to the `HANDLED_ACTIONS` array
  2. Implement the action handling in `addAssistantAction` function in chat-slice.ts
  3. Add a translation key in the format `ACTION_MESSAGE$ACTION_NAME` to the i18n files
- Actions with `thought` property are displayed in the UI based on their action type:
  - Regular actions (like "run", "edit") display the thought as a separate message
  - Special actions (like "think") are displayed as collapsible elements only

#### Adding User Settings:
- To add a new user setting to OpenHands, follow these steps:
  1. Add the setting to the frontend:
     - Add the setting to the `Settings` type in `frontend/src/types/settings.ts`
     - Add the setting to the `ApiSettings` type in the same file
     - Add the setting with an appropriate default value to `DEFAULT_SETTINGS` in `frontend/src/services/settings.ts`
     - Update the `useSettings` hook in `frontend/src/hooks/query/use-settings.ts` to map the API response
     - Update the `useSaveSettings` hook in `frontend/src/hooks/mutation/use-save-settings.ts` to include the setting in API requests
     - Add UI components (like toggle switches) in the appropriate settings screen (e.g., `frontend/src/routes/app-settings.tsx`)
     - Add i18n translations for the setting name and any tooltips in `frontend/src/i18n/translation.json`
     - Add the translation key to `frontend/src/i18n/declaration.ts`
  2. Add the setting to the backend:
     - Add the setting to the `Settings` model in `openhands/storage/data_models/settings.py`
     - Update any relevant backend code to apply the setting (e.g., in session creation)
