docs/usage/how-to/cli-mode.mdx, before:

---
title: CLI
description: The Command-Line Interface (CLI) provides a powerful interface that lets you engage with OpenHands
  directly from your terminal.
---

This mode is different from the [headless mode](/usage/how-to/headless-mode), which is non-interactive and better
for scripting.

## Getting Started

### Running with Python

1. Install OpenHands using pip:

```bash
pip install openhands-ai
```

2. Launch an interactive OpenHands conversation from the command line:

```bash
openhands
```

3. Set your model, API key, and other preferences using the UI (or alternatively environment variables, below).

This command opens an interactive prompt where you can type tasks or commands and get responses from OpenHands.

#### For Developers

If you have cloned the repository, you can run the CLI directly using Poetry:

```bash
poetry run python -m openhands.cli.main
```

### Running with Docker

1. Set the following environment variables in your terminal:
   - `SANDBOX_VOLUMES` to specify the directory you want OpenHands to access ([See using SANDBOX_VOLUMES for more info](../runtimes/docker#using-sandbox_volumes))
   - `LLM_MODEL` - the LLM model to use (e.g. `export LLM_MODEL="anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-20250514"`)
   - `LLM_API_KEY` - your API key (e.g. `export LLM_API_KEY="sk_test_12345"`)

2. Run the following command:

```bash
docker run -it \
    --pull=always \
    -e SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/runtime:0.43-nikolaik \
    -e SANDBOX_USER_ID=$(id -u) \
    -e SANDBOX_VOLUMES=$SANDBOX_VOLUMES \
    -e LLM_API_KEY=$LLM_API_KEY \
    -e LLM_MODEL=$LLM_MODEL \
    -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
    -v ~/.openhands:/.openhands \
    --add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway \
    --name openhands-app-$(date +%Y%m%d%H%M%S) \
    docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:0.43 \
    python -m openhands.cli.main --override-cli-mode true
```

This launches the CLI in Docker, allowing you to interact with OpenHands as described above.

The `-e SANDBOX_USER_ID=$(id -u)` ensures files created by the agent in your workspace have the correct permissions.

## Interactive CLI Overview

### What is CLI Mode?

CLI mode enables real-time interaction with OpenHands agents. You can type natural language tasks, use interactive
commands, and receive instant feedback—all inside your terminal.

### Starting a Conversation

When you start the CLI, you'll see a welcome message and a prompt (`>`). Enter your first task or type a command to
begin your conversation.

### Available Commands

You can use the following commands whenever the prompt (`>`) is displayed:

| Command      | Description                                                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `/help`      | Show all available interactive commands and their descriptions |
| `/exit`      | Exit the application                                           |
| `/init`      | Initialize a new repository for agent exploration              |
| `/status`    | Show conversation details and usage metrics                    |
| `/new`       | Start a new conversation                                       |
| `/settings`  | View and modify current LLM/agent settings                     |
| `/resume`    | Resume the agent if paused                                     |

#### Settings and Configuration

You can update your model, API key, agent, and other preferences interactively using the `/settings` command. Just
follow the prompts:

- **Basic settings**: Choose a model/provider and enter your API key.
- **Advanced settings**: Set custom endpoints, enable or disable confirmation mode, and configure memory condensation.

Settings can also be managed via the `config.toml` file.

#### Repository Initialization

The `/init` command helps the agent understand your project by creating a `.openhands/microagents/repo.md` file with
project details and structure. Use this when onboarding the agent to a new codebase.

#### Agent Pause/Resume Feature

You can pause the agent while it is running by pressing `Ctrl-P`. To continue the conversation after pausing, simply
type `/resume` at the prompt.

## Tips and Troubleshooting

- Use `/help` at any time to see the list of available commands.
- If you encounter permission issues, make sure your workspace directory is trusted and all required environment variables are set correctly.
- For advanced LLM configuration, use the advanced options in `/settings`.
- When confirmation mode is enabled, the CLI will prompt before sensitive operations. You can type `a` or `always` at the first confirmation prompt to automatically confirm subsequent actions for the current conversation.
- If you want to start over, use `/new` to begin a fresh conversation without restarting the CLI.

---

Commit message:

Add migration notes for users upgrading from pre-0.44 versions
Added migration notes to all Docker run commands that use the ~/.openhands directory:
- README.md and README_CN.md (main installation instructions)
- docs/usage/local-setup.mdx
- docs/usage/llms/local-llms.mdx
- docs/usage/how-to/cli-mode.mdx
- docs/usage/how-to/headless-mode.mdx
- docs/usage/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.mdx
- openhands/runtime/impl/daytona/README.md

The notes inform users to run 'mv ~/.openhands-state ~/.openhands' to migrate
their conversation history when upgrading from versions before 0.44.

docs/usage/how-to/cli-mode.mdx, after:

---
title: CLI
description: The Command-Line Interface (CLI) provides a powerful interface that lets you engage with OpenHands
  directly from your terminal.
---

This mode is different from the [headless mode](/usage/how-to/headless-mode), which is non-interactive and better
for scripting.

## Getting Started

### Running with Python

1. Install OpenHands using pip:

```bash
pip install openhands-ai
```

2. Launch an interactive OpenHands conversation from the command line:

```bash
openhands
```

3. Set your model, API key, and other preferences using the UI (or alternatively environment variables, below).

This command opens an interactive prompt where you can type tasks or commands and get responses from OpenHands.

#### For Developers

If you have cloned the repository, you can run the CLI directly using Poetry:

```bash
poetry run python -m openhands.cli.main
```

### Running with Docker

1. Set the following environment variables in your terminal:
   - `SANDBOX_VOLUMES` to specify the directory you want OpenHands to access ([See using SANDBOX_VOLUMES for more info](../runtimes/docker#using-sandbox_volumes))
   - `LLM_MODEL` - the LLM model to use (e.g. `export LLM_MODEL="anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-20250514"`)
   - `LLM_API_KEY` - your API key (e.g. `export LLM_API_KEY="sk_test_12345"`)

2. Run the following command:

```bash
docker run -it \
    --pull=always \
    -e SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/runtime:0.43-nikolaik \
    -e SANDBOX_USER_ID=$(id -u) \
    -e SANDBOX_VOLUMES=$SANDBOX_VOLUMES \
    -e LLM_API_KEY=$LLM_API_KEY \
    -e LLM_MODEL=$LLM_MODEL \
    -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
    -v ~/.openhands:/.openhands \
    --add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway \
    --name openhands-app-$(date +%Y%m%d%H%M%S) \
    docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:0.43 \
    python -m openhands.cli.main --override-cli-mode true
```

> **Note**: If you used OpenHands before version 0.44, you may want to run `mv ~/.openhands-state ~/.openhands` to migrate your conversation history to the new location.

This launches the CLI in Docker, allowing you to interact with OpenHands as described above.

The `-e SANDBOX_USER_ID=$(id -u)` ensures files created by the agent in your workspace have the correct permissions.

## Interactive CLI Overview

### What is CLI Mode?

CLI mode enables real-time interaction with OpenHands agents. You can type natural language tasks, use interactive
commands, and receive instant feedback—all inside your terminal.

### Starting a Conversation

When you start the CLI, you'll see a welcome message and a prompt (`>`). Enter your first task or type a command to
begin your conversation.

### Available Commands

You can use the following commands whenever the prompt (`>`) is displayed:

| Command      | Description                                                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `/help`      | Show all available interactive commands and their descriptions |
| `/exit`      | Exit the application                                           |
| `/init`      | Initialize a new repository for agent exploration              |
| `/status`    | Show conversation details and usage metrics                    |
| `/new`       | Start a new conversation                                       |
| `/settings`  | View and modify current LLM/agent settings                     |
| `/resume`    | Resume the agent if paused                                     |

#### Settings and Configuration

You can update your model, API key, agent, and other preferences interactively using the `/settings` command. Just
follow the prompts:

- **Basic settings**: Choose a model/provider and enter your API key.
- **Advanced settings**: Set custom endpoints, enable or disable confirmation mode, and configure memory condensation.

Settings can also be managed via the `config.toml` file.

#### Repository Initialization

The `/init` command helps the agent understand your project by creating a `.openhands/microagents/repo.md` file with
project details and structure. Use this when onboarding the agent to a new codebase.

#### Agent Pause/Resume Feature

You can pause the agent while it is running by pressing `Ctrl-P`. To continue the conversation after pausing, simply
type `/resume` at the prompt.

## Tips and Troubleshooting

- Use `/help` at any time to see the list of available commands.
- If you encounter permission issues, make sure your workspace directory is trusted and all required environment variables are set correctly.
- For advanced LLM configuration, use the advanced options in `/settings`.
- When confirmation mode is enabled, the CLI will prompt before sensitive operations. You can type `a` or `always` at the first confirmation prompt to automatically confirm subsequent actions for the current conversation.
- If you want to start over, use `/new` to begin a fresh conversation without restarting the CLI.

---
