docs/usage/runtimes/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Overview
description: This section is for users that would like to use a runtime other than Docker for OpenHands.
---

A Runtime is an environment where the OpenHands agent can edit files and run
commands.

By default, OpenHands uses a [Docker-based runtime](/usage/runtimes/docker), running on your local computer.
This means you only have to pay for the LLM you're using, and your code is only ever sent to the LLM.

Additionally, we provide a [Local Runtime](/usage/runtimes/local) that runs directly on your machine without Docker,
which can be useful in controlled environments like CI pipelines.

## Available Runtimes

OpenHands supports several different runtime environments:

- [Docker Runtime](/usage/runtimes/docker) - The default runtime that uses Docker containers for isolation (recommended for most users).
- [OpenHands Remote Runtime](/usage/runtimes/remote) - Cloud-based runtime for parallel execution (beta).
- [Local Runtime](/usage/runtimes/local) - Direct execution on your local machine without Docker.
- [Third-party Runtimes](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/third-party-runtimes) - These runtimes are supported by their developers, not by OpenHands. Please find them in the repository linked here if you would like to run on third-party infrastructure providers.

Commit message:

Implement option 2: Restore third-party runtimes to third_party directory
- Created third_party/ directory structure with runtime implementations
- Moved third-party runtimes (daytona, e2b, modal, runloop) to third_party/runtime/impl/
- Moved e2b-sandbox container files to third_party/containers/
- Moved third-party runtime documentation to third_party/docs/usage/runtimes/
- Added optional third-party dependencies in pyproject.toml with 'third_party_runtimes' extra
- Restored third-party API key configuration fields in OpenHandsConfig
- Updated runtime registration to conditionally import third-party runtimes
- Excluded third_party directory from linting (ruff, mypy, pre-commit)
- Updated tests to handle third-party configuration fields
- Updated documentation to reference third-party runtimes

Features:
- Core runtimes (docker, local, remote, cli, kubernetes) always available
- Third-party runtimes conditionally available when dependencies are installed
- Third-party API keys properly masked in configuration output
- Linting exclusions properly configured for third_party directory
- All tests passing for both core and third-party functionality

Installation:
- Basic: pip install openhands-ai (core runtimes only)
- With third-party: pip install openhands-ai[third_party_runtimes] (all runtimes)

docs/usage/runtimes/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Overview
description: This section is for users that would like to use a runtime other than Docker for OpenHands.
---

A Runtime is an environment where the OpenHands agent can edit files and run
commands.

By default, OpenHands uses a [Docker-based runtime](/usage/runtimes/docker), running on your local computer.
This means you only have to pay for the LLM you're using, and your code is only ever sent to the LLM.

Additionally, we provide a [Local Runtime](/usage/runtimes/local) that runs directly on your machine without Docker,
which can be useful in controlled environments like CI pipelines.

## Available Runtimes

OpenHands supports several different runtime environments:

- [Docker Runtime](/usage/runtimes/docker) - The default runtime that uses Docker containers for isolation (recommended for most users).
- [OpenHands Remote Runtime](/usage/runtimes/remote) - Cloud-based runtime for parallel execution (beta).
- [Local Runtime](/usage/runtimes/local) - Direct execution on your local machine without Docker.

### Third-Party Runtimes

The following third-party runtimes are available when you install the `third_party_runtimes` extra:

```bash
pip install openhands-ai[third_party_runtimes]
```

- [E2B Runtime](/usage/runtimes/e2b) - Cloud-based runtime using E2B sandboxes.
- [Modal Runtime](/usage/runtimes/modal) - Serverless runtime using Modal infrastructure.
- [Runloop Runtime](/usage/runtimes/runloop) - Cloud runtime using Runloop infrastructure.
- [Daytona Runtime](/usage/runtimes/daytona) - Development environment runtime using Daytona.

**Note**: These third-party runtimes are supported by their respective developers, not by the OpenHands team. For issues specific to these runtimes, please refer to their documentation or contact their support teams.
