docs/usage/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.mdx, before:

---
title: Troubleshooting
---

<Tip>
OpenHands only supports Windows via WSL. Please be sure to run all commands inside your WSL terminal.
</Tip>

### Launch docker client failed

**Description**

When running OpenHands, the following error is seen:
```
Launch docker client failed. Please make sure you have installed docker and started docker desktop/daemon.
```

**Resolution**

Try these in order:
* Confirm `docker` is running on your system. You should be able to run `docker ps` in the terminal successfully.
* If using Docker Desktop, ensure `Settings > Advanced > Allow the default Docker socket to be used` is enabled.
* Depending on your configuration you may need `Settings > Resources > Network > Enable host networking` enabled in Docker Desktop.
* Reinstall Docker Desktop.

### Permission Error

**Description**

On initial prompt, an error is seen with `Permission Denied` or `PermissionError`.

**Resolution**

* Check if the `~/.openhands` is owned by `root`. If so, you can:
  * Change the directory's ownership: `sudo chown <user>:<user> ~/.openhands`.
  * or update permissions on the directory: `sudo chmod 777 ~/.openhands`
  * or delete it if you don’t need previous data. OpenHands will recreate it. You'll need to re-enter LLM settings.
* If mounting a local directory, ensure your `WORKSPACE_BASE` has the necessary permissions for the user running
  OpenHands.

### Unable to access VS Code tab via local IP

**Description**

When accessing OpenHands through a non-localhost URL (such as a LAN IP address), the VS Code tab shows a "Forbidden"
error, while other parts of the UI work fine.

**Resolution**

This happens because VS Code runs on a random high port that may not be exposed or accessible from other machines.
To fix this:

1. Set a specific port for VS Code using the `SANDBOX_VSCODE_PORT` environment variable:
   ```bash
   docker run -it --rm \
       -e SANDBOX_VSCODE_PORT=41234 \
       -e SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/runtime:latest \
       -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
       -v ~/.openhands:/.openhands \
       -p 3000:3000 \
       -p 41234:41234 \
       --add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway \
       --name openhands-app \
       docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:latest
   ```
2. Make sure to expose the same port with `-p 41234:41234` in your Docker command.
3. If running with the development workflow, you can set this in your `config.toml` file:
   ```toml
   [sandbox]
   vscode_port = 41234
   ```

Commit message:

Add migration notes for users upgrading from pre-0.44 versions
Added migration notes to all Docker run commands that use the ~/.openhands directory:
- README.md and README_CN.md (main installation instructions)
- docs/usage/local-setup.mdx
- docs/usage/llms/local-llms.mdx
- docs/usage/how-to/cli-mode.mdx
- docs/usage/how-to/headless-mode.mdx
- docs/usage/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.mdx
- openhands/runtime/impl/daytona/README.md

The notes inform users to run 'mv ~/.openhands-state ~/.openhands' to migrate
their conversation history when upgrading from versions before 0.44.

docs/usage/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.mdx, after:

---
title: Troubleshooting
---

<Tip>
OpenHands only supports Windows via WSL. Please be sure to run all commands inside your WSL terminal.
</Tip>

### Launch docker client failed

**Description**

When running OpenHands, the following error is seen:
```
Launch docker client failed. Please make sure you have installed docker and started docker desktop/daemon.
```

**Resolution**

Try these in order:
* Confirm `docker` is running on your system. You should be able to run `docker ps` in the terminal successfully.
* If using Docker Desktop, ensure `Settings > Advanced > Allow the default Docker socket to be used` is enabled.
* Depending on your configuration you may need `Settings > Resources > Network > Enable host networking` enabled in Docker Desktop.
* Reinstall Docker Desktop.

### Permission Error

**Description**

On initial prompt, an error is seen with `Permission Denied` or `PermissionError`.

**Resolution**

* Check if the `~/.openhands` is owned by `root`. If so, you can:
  * Change the directory's ownership: `sudo chown <user>:<user> ~/.openhands`.
  * or update permissions on the directory: `sudo chmod 777 ~/.openhands`
  * or delete it if you don’t need previous data. OpenHands will recreate it. You'll need to re-enter LLM settings.
* If mounting a local directory, ensure your `WORKSPACE_BASE` has the necessary permissions for the user running
  OpenHands.

### Unable to access VS Code tab via local IP

**Description**

When accessing OpenHands through a non-localhost URL (such as a LAN IP address), the VS Code tab shows a "Forbidden"
error, while other parts of the UI work fine.

**Resolution**

This happens because VS Code runs on a random high port that may not be exposed or accessible from other machines.
To fix this:

1. Set a specific port for VS Code using the `SANDBOX_VSCODE_PORT` environment variable:
   ```bash
   docker run -it --rm \
       -e SANDBOX_VSCODE_PORT=41234 \
       -e SANDBOX_RUNTIME_CONTAINER_IMAGE=docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/runtime:latest \
       -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
       -v ~/.openhands:/.openhands \
       -p 3000:3000 \
       -p 41234:41234 \
       --add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway \
       --name openhands-app \
       docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:latest
   ```

   > **Note**: If you used OpenHands before version 0.44, you may want to run `mv ~/.openhands-state ~/.openhands` to migrate your conversation history to the new location.

2. Make sure to expose the same port with `-p 41234:41234` in your Docker command.
3. If running with the development workflow, you can set this in your `config.toml` file:
   ```toml
   [sandbox]
   vscode_port = 41234
   ```
