docs/usage/faq.mdx, before:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
description: Common questions about OpenHands and their answers
---

<div style={{ textAlign: 'center', marginBottom: '2rem' }}>
  <img src="/static/img/logo.png" alt="OpenHands Logo" style={{ maxWidth: '300px', height: 'auto' }} />
</div>

## Safety and Security

### It's doing stuff without asking, is that safe?

**Generally yes, but with important considerations.** OpenHands runs all code in a secure, isolated Docker container (called a "sandbox") that is separate from your host system. However, the safety depends on your configuration:

**What's protected:**
- Your host system files and programs (unless you mount them)
- Host system resources and performance
- Other containers and processes

**Potential risks to consider:**
- The agent can access the internet from within the container
- If you provide credentials (API keys, tokens), the agent can use them
- Mounted files and directories can be modified or deleted
- Network requests can be made to external services

**Security features:**
- Built-in security analyzer to detect potentially risky actions
- Configurable confirmation mode for sensitive operations
- Hardened Docker configurations for production use

For detailed security information, see our [Runtime Architecture](/usage/architecture/runtime), [Security Configuration](/usage/configuration-options#security-configuration), and [Hardened Docker Installation](/usage/runtimes/docker#hardened-docker-installation) documentation.

## File Storage and Access

### Where are my files stored?

Your files are stored in different locations depending on how you've configured OpenHands:

**Default behavior (no file mounting):**
- Files created by the agent are stored inside the Docker container
- These files are temporary and will be lost when the container is stopped
- The agent works in the `/workspace` directory inside the container

**When you mount your local filesystem:**
- Your local files are mounted into the container's `/workspace` directory
- Changes made by the agent are reflected in your local filesystem
- Files persist after the container is stopped

**To connect your local files to OpenHands:**

1. **Using SANDBOX_VOLUMES (recommended):**
   ```bash
   export SANDBOX_VOLUMES=/path/to/your/code:/workspace:rw
   ```

2. **Example for different operating systems:**
   ```bash
   # Linux/Mac
   export SANDBOX_VOLUMES=$HOME/my-project:/workspace:rw

   # Windows with WSL
   export SANDBOX_VOLUMES=/mnt/c/dev/my-project:/workspace:rw
   ```

**Important:** Be careful when mounting your filesystem - the agent can modify or delete any files in the mounted directory.

For detailed instructions, see our [Docker Runtime documentation](/usage/runtimes/docker#connecting-to-your-filesystem).

## Development Tools and Environment

### How do I get the dev tools I need?

OpenHands comes with a basic runtime environment that includes Python and Node.js, but you may need additional development tools for your specific projects.

You have two main options:
- **Use an existing Docker image** that already includes your required tools
- **Create a custom Docker image** with the exact tools you need

For detailed instructions on setting up custom development environments, including examples for different programming languages and tools, see our [Custom Sandbox Guide](/usage/how-to/custom-sandbox-guide).

## Getting Started

### I'm new to OpenHands. Where should I start?

1. **Installation**: Follow our [Getting Started guide](/usage/local-setup) to install and run OpenHands
2. **First steps**: Complete the [Getting Started tutorial](/usage/getting-started) to learn the basics
3. **Configuration**: Set up your [LLM provider](/usage/llms/llms) and any additional tools you need
4. **Advanced features**: Explore [key features](/usage/key-features) and [configuration options](/usage/configuration-options)

### Something's not working. Where can I get help?

1. **Check our troubleshooting guide**: Common issues and solutions are documented in [Troubleshooting](/usage/troubleshooting/troubleshooting)
2. **Search existing issues**: Check our [GitHub issues](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands/issues) to see if others have encountered the same problem
3. **Join our community**: Get help from other users and developers:
   - [Slack community](https://join.slack.com/t/openhands-ai/shared_invite/zt-34zm4j0gj-Qz5kRHoca8DFCbqXPS~f_A)
   - [Discord server](https://discord.gg/ESHStjSjD4)
4. **Report bugs**: If you've found a bug, please [create an issue](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands/issues/new) with details about your setup and the problem

### Can I use OpenHands for production workloads?

OpenHands is actively developed and used by many teams, but consider these factors for production use:

- **Security**: Review our [security considerations](/usage/runtimes/docker#hardened-docker-installation) for production deployments
- **Reliability**: Test thoroughly with your specific use cases
- **Monitoring**: Implement appropriate logging and monitoring
- **Rate limits**: Be aware of LLM provider rate limits and costs
- **Backup**: Ensure important work is backed up and version controlled

For production deployments, consider using [OpenHands Cloud](https://app.all-hands.dev) for managed infrastructure and support.

Commit message:

Clarify hardened Docker configurations are community contribution and not enabled by default
Addresses review comment from @xingyaoww on line 30 to note that the hardened Docker configurations security feature is a community contribution and not enabled by default.

docs/usage/faq.mdx, after:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
description: Common questions about OpenHands and their answers
---

<div style={{ textAlign: 'center', marginBottom: '2rem' }}>
  <img src="/static/img/logo.png" alt="OpenHands Logo" style={{ maxWidth: '300px', height: 'auto' }} />
</div>

## Safety and Security

### It's doing stuff without asking, is that safe?

**Generally yes, but with important considerations.** OpenHands runs all code in a secure, isolated Docker container (called a "sandbox") that is separate from your host system. However, the safety depends on your configuration:

**What's protected:**
- Your host system files and programs (unless you mount them)
- Host system resources and performance
- Other containers and processes

**Potential risks to consider:**
- The agent can access the internet from within the container
- If you provide credentials (API keys, tokens), the agent can use them
- Mounted files and directories can be modified or deleted
- Network requests can be made to external services

**Security features:**
- Built-in security analyzer to detect potentially risky actions
- Configurable confirmation mode for sensitive operations
- Hardened Docker configurations for production use (community contribution, not enabled by default)

For detailed security information, see our [Runtime Architecture](/usage/architecture/runtime), [Security Configuration](/usage/configuration-options#security-configuration), and [Hardened Docker Installation](/usage/runtimes/docker#hardened-docker-installation) documentation.

## File Storage and Access

### Where are my files stored?

Your files are stored in different locations depending on how you've configured OpenHands:

**Default behavior (no file mounting):**
- Files created by the agent are stored inside the Docker container
- These files are temporary and will be lost when the container is stopped
- The agent works in the `/workspace` directory inside the container

**When you mount your local filesystem:**
- Your local files are mounted into the container's `/workspace` directory
- Changes made by the agent are reflected in your local filesystem
- Files persist after the container is stopped

**To connect your local files to OpenHands:**

1. **Using SANDBOX_VOLUMES (recommended):**
   ```bash
   export SANDBOX_VOLUMES=/path/to/your/code:/workspace:rw
   ```

2. **Example for different operating systems:**
   ```bash
   # Linux/Mac
   export SANDBOX_VOLUMES=$HOME/my-project:/workspace:rw

   # Windows with WSL
   export SANDBOX_VOLUMES=/mnt/c/dev/my-project:/workspace:rw
   ```

**Important:** Be careful when mounting your filesystem - the agent can modify or delete any files in the mounted directory.

For detailed instructions, see our [Docker Runtime documentation](/usage/runtimes/docker#connecting-to-your-filesystem).

## Development Tools and Environment

### How do I get the dev tools I need?

OpenHands comes with a basic runtime environment that includes Python and Node.js, but you may need additional development tools for your specific projects.

You have two main options:
- **Use an existing Docker image** that already includes your required tools
- **Create a custom Docker image** with the exact tools you need

For detailed instructions on setting up custom development environments, including examples for different programming languages and tools, see our [Custom Sandbox Guide](/usage/how-to/custom-sandbox-guide).

## Getting Started

### I'm new to OpenHands. Where should I start?

1. **Installation**: Follow our [Getting Started guide](/usage/local-setup) to install and run OpenHands
2. **First steps**: Complete the [Getting Started tutorial](/usage/getting-started) to learn the basics
3. **Configuration**: Set up your [LLM provider](/usage/llms/llms) and any additional tools you need
4. **Advanced features**: Explore [key features](/usage/key-features) and [configuration options](/usage/configuration-options)

### Something's not working. Where can I get help?

1. **Check our troubleshooting guide**: Common issues and solutions are documented in [Troubleshooting](/usage/troubleshooting/troubleshooting)
2. **Search existing issues**: Check our [GitHub issues](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands/issues) to see if others have encountered the same problem
3. **Join our community**: Get help from other users and developers:
   - [Slack community](https://join.slack.com/t/openhands-ai/shared_invite/zt-34zm4j0gj-Qz5kRHoca8DFCbqXPS~f_A)
   - [Discord server](https://discord.gg/ESHStjSjD4)
4. **Report bugs**: If you've found a bug, please [create an issue](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands/issues/new) with details about your setup and the problem

### Can I use OpenHands for production workloads?

OpenHands is actively developed and used by many teams, but consider these factors for production use:

- **Security**: Review our [security considerations](/usage/runtimes/docker#hardened-docker-installation) for production deployments
- **Reliability**: Test thoroughly with your specific use cases
- **Monitoring**: Implement appropriate logging and monitoring
- **Rate limits**: Be aware of LLM provider rate limits and costs
- **Backup**: Ensure important work is backed up and version controlled

For production deployments, consider using [OpenHands Cloud](https://app.all-hands.dev) for managed infrastructure and support.
