docs/usage/windows-without-wsl.mdx, before:

---
title: Windows Without WSL
description: Running OpenHands GUI on Windows without using WSL or Docker
---

# Running OpenHands GUI on Windows Without WSL

This guide provides step-by-step instructions for running OpenHands on a Windows machine without using WSL or Docker.

## Prerequisites

1. **Windows 10/11** - A modern Windows operating system
2. **PowerShell 7+** - While Windows PowerShell comes pre-installed on Windows 10/11, PowerShell 7+ is strongly recommended to avoid compatibility issues (see Troubleshooting section for "System.Management.Automation" errors)
3. **.NET Core Runtime** - Required for the PowerShell integration via pythonnet
4. **Python 3.12 or 3.13** - Python 3.12 or 3.13 is required (Python 3.14 is not supported due to pythonnet compatibility)
5. **Git** - For cloning the repository and version control
6. **Node.js and npm** - For running the frontend

## Step 1: Install Required Software

1. **Install Python 3.12 or 3.13**
   - Download Python 3.12.x or 3.13.x from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
   - During installation, check "Add Python to PATH"
   - Verify installation by opening PowerShell and running:
     ```powershell
     python --version
     ```

2. **Install PowerShell 7**
   - Download and install PowerShell 7 from the [official PowerShell GitHub repository](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases)
   - Choose the MSI installer appropriate for your system (x64 for most modern computers)
   - Run the installer with default options
   - Verify installation by opening a new terminal and running:
     ```powershell
     pwsh --version
     ```
   - Using PowerShell 7 (pwsh) instead of Windows PowerShell will help avoid "System.Management.Automation" errors

3. **Install .NET Core Runtime**
   - Download and install the .NET Core Runtime from [Microsoft's .NET download page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
   - Choose the latest .NET Core Runtime (not SDK)
   - Verify installation by opening PowerShell and running:
     ```powershell
     dotnet --info
     ```
   - This step is required for the PowerShell integration via pythonnet. Without it, OpenHands will fall back to a more limited PowerShell implementation.

4. **Install Git**
   - Download Git from [git-scm.com](https://git-scm.com/download/win)
   - Use default installation options
   - Verify installation:
     ```powershell
     git --version
     ```

5. **Install Node.js and npm**
   - Download Node.js from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
   - During installation, accept the default options which will install npm as well
   - Verify installation:
     ```powershell
     node --version
     npm --version
     ```

6. **Install Poetry**
   - Open PowerShell as Administrator and run:
     ```powershell
     (Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://install.python-poetry.org -UseBasicParsing).Content | python -
     ```
   - Add Poetry to your PATH:
     ```powershell
     $env:Path += ";$env:APPDATA\Python\Scripts"
     ```
   - Verify installation:
     ```powershell
     poetry --version
     ```

## Step 2: Clone and Set Up OpenHands

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```powershell
   git clone https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands.git
   cd OpenHands
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**
   ```powershell
   poetry install
   ```

   This will install all required dependencies, including:
   - pythonnet - Required for Windows PowerShell integration
   - All other OpenHands dependencies

## Step 3: Run OpenHands

1. **Build the Frontend**
   ```powershell
   cd frontend
   npm install
   npm run build
   cd ..
   ```

   This will build the frontend files that the backend will serve.

2. **Start the Backend**
   ```powershell
   # Make sure to use PowerShell 7 (pwsh) instead of Windows PowerShell
   pwsh
   $env:RUNTIME="local"; poetry run uvicorn openhands.server.listen:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000 --reload --reload-exclude "./workspace"
   ```

   This will start the OpenHands app using the local runtime with PowerShell integration, available at `localhost:3000`.

   > **Note**: If you encounter a `RuntimeError: Directory './frontend/build' does not exist` error, make sure you've built the frontend first using the command above.

   > **Important**: Using PowerShell 7 (pwsh) instead of Windows PowerShell is recommended to avoid "System.Management.Automation" errors. If you encounter this error, see the Troubleshooting section below.

3. **Alternatively, Run the Frontend in Development Mode (in a separate PowerShell window)**
   ```powershell
   cd frontend
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Access the OpenHands GUI**

   Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:3000
   ```

   > **Note**: If you're running the frontend in development mode (using `npm run dev`), use port 3001 instead: `http://localhost:3001`

## Installing and Running the CLI

To install and run the OpenHands CLI on Windows without WSL, follow these steps:

### 1. Install uv (Python Package Manager)

Open PowerShell as Administrator and run:

```powershell
powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
```

### 2. Install .NET SDK

The OpenHands CLI requires the .NET Core runtime for PowerShell integration. Install the .NET SDK which includes the runtime:

```powershell
winget install Microsoft.DotNet.SDK.8
```

Alternatively, you can download and install the .NET SDK from the [official Microsoft website](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download).

### 3. Install and Run OpenHands

After installing the prerequisites, you can install and run OpenHands with:

```powershell
uvx --python 3.12 --from openhands-ai openhands
```

### Troubleshooting CLI Issues

If you encounter a `coreclr` error when running OpenHands CLI, ensure that:

1. The .NET SDK is properly installed
2. Your system PATH includes the .NET SDK directories
3. You've restarted your PowerShell session after installing the .NET SDK

To verify your .NET installation, run:

```powershell
dotnet --info
```

This should display information about your installed .NET SDKs and runtimes.

## Limitations on Windows

When running OpenHands on Windows without WSL or Docker, be aware of the following limitations:

1. **Browser Tool Not Supported**: The browser tool is not currently supported on Windows.

2. **.NET Core Requirement**: The PowerShell integration requires .NET Core Runtime to be installed. If .NET Core is not available, OpenHands will automatically fall back to a more limited PowerShell implementation with reduced functionality.

3. **Interactive Shell Commands**: Some interactive shell commands may not work as expected. The PowerShell session implementation has limitations compared to the bash session used on Linux/macOS.

4. **Path Handling**: Windows uses backslashes (`\`) in paths, which may require adjustments when working with code examples designed for Unix-like systems.

## Troubleshooting

### "System.Management.Automation" Not Found Error

If you encounter an error message stating that "System.Management.Automation" was not found, this typically indicates that you have a minimal version of PowerShell installed or that the .NET components required for PowerShell integration are missing.

> **IMPORTANT**: This error is most commonly caused by using the built-in Windows PowerShell (powershell.exe) instead of PowerShell 7 (pwsh.exe). Even if you installed PowerShell 7 during the prerequisites, you may still be using the older Windows PowerShell by default.

To resolve this issue:

1. **Install the latest version of PowerShell 7** from the official Microsoft repository:
   - Visit [https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases)
   - Download and install the latest MSI package for your system architecture (x64 for most systems)
   - During installation, ensure you select the following options:
     - "Add PowerShell to PATH environment variable"
     - "Register Windows PowerShell 7 as the default shell"
     - "Enable PowerShell remoting"
   - The installer will place PowerShell 7 in `C:\Program Files\PowerShell\7` by default

2. **Restart your terminal or command prompt** to ensure the new PowerShell is available

3. **Verify the installation** by running:
   ```powershell
   pwsh --version
   ```

   You should see output indicating PowerShell 7.x.x

4. **Run OpenHands using PowerShell 7** instead of Windows PowerShell:
   ```powershell
   pwsh
   cd path\to\openhands
   $env:RUNTIME="local"; poetry run uvicorn openhands.server.listen:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000 --reload --reload-exclude "./workspace"
   ```

   > **Note**: Make sure you're explicitly using `pwsh` (PowerShell 7) and not `powershell` (Windows PowerShell). The command prompt or terminal title should say "PowerShell 7" rather than just "Windows PowerShell".

5. **If the issue persists**, ensure that you have the .NET Runtime installed:
   - Download and install the latest .NET Runtime from [Microsoft's .NET download page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
   - Choose ".NET Runtime" (not SDK) version 6.0 or later
   - After installation, verify it's properly installed by running:
     ```powershell
     dotnet --info
     ```
   - Restart your computer after installation
   - Try running OpenHands again

6. **Ensure that the .NET Framework is properly installed** on your system:
   - Go to Control Panel > Programs > Programs and Features > Turn Windows features on or off
   - Make sure ".NET Framework 4.8 Advanced Services" is enabled
   - Click OK and restart if prompted

This error occurs because OpenHands uses the pythonnet package to interact with PowerShell, which requires the System.Management.Automation assembly from the .NET framework. A minimal PowerShell installation or older Windows PowerShell (rather than PowerShell 7+) might not include all the necessary components for this integration.

Commit message:

Update Windows without WSL guide to clarify .NET SDK requirement for CLI

docs/usage/windows-without-wsl.mdx, after:

---
title: Windows Without WSL
description: Running OpenHands GUI on Windows without using WSL or Docker
---

# Running OpenHands GUI on Windows Without WSL

This guide provides step-by-step instructions for running OpenHands on a Windows machine without using WSL or Docker.

## Prerequisites

1. **Windows 10/11** - A modern Windows operating system
2. **PowerShell 7+** - While Windows PowerShell comes pre-installed on Windows 10/11, PowerShell 7+ is strongly recommended to avoid compatibility issues (see Troubleshooting section for "System.Management.Automation" errors)
3. **.NET Core Runtime** - Required for the PowerShell integration via pythonnet
4. **Python 3.12 or 3.13** - Python 3.12 or 3.13 is required (Python 3.14 is not supported due to pythonnet compatibility)
5. **Git** - For cloning the repository and version control
6. **Node.js and npm** - For running the frontend

## Step 1: Install Required Software

1. **Install Python 3.12 or 3.13**
   - Download Python 3.12.x or 3.13.x from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
   - During installation, check "Add Python to PATH"
   - Verify installation by opening PowerShell and running:
     ```powershell
     python --version
     ```

2. **Install PowerShell 7**
   - Download and install PowerShell 7 from the [official PowerShell GitHub repository](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases)
   - Choose the MSI installer appropriate for your system (x64 for most modern computers)
   - Run the installer with default options
   - Verify installation by opening a new terminal and running:
     ```powershell
     pwsh --version
     ```
   - Using PowerShell 7 (pwsh) instead of Windows PowerShell will help avoid "System.Management.Automation" errors

3. **Install .NET Core Runtime**
   - Download and install the .NET Core Runtime from [Microsoft's .NET download page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
   - Choose the latest .NET Core Runtime (not SDK)
   - Verify installation by opening PowerShell and running:
     ```powershell
     dotnet --info
     ```
   - This step is required for the PowerShell integration via pythonnet. Without it, OpenHands will fall back to a more limited PowerShell implementation.

4. **Install Git**
   - Download Git from [git-scm.com](https://git-scm.com/download/win)
   - Use default installation options
   - Verify installation:
     ```powershell
     git --version
     ```

5. **Install Node.js and npm**
   - Download Node.js from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
   - During installation, accept the default options which will install npm as well
   - Verify installation:
     ```powershell
     node --version
     npm --version
     ```

6. **Install Poetry**
   - Open PowerShell as Administrator and run:
     ```powershell
     (Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://install.python-poetry.org -UseBasicParsing).Content | python -
     ```
   - Add Poetry to your PATH:
     ```powershell
     $env:Path += ";$env:APPDATA\Python\Scripts"
     ```
   - Verify installation:
     ```powershell
     poetry --version
     ```

## Step 2: Clone and Set Up OpenHands

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```powershell
   git clone https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands.git
   cd OpenHands
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**
   ```powershell
   poetry install
   ```

   This will install all required dependencies, including:
   - pythonnet - Required for Windows PowerShell integration
   - All other OpenHands dependencies

## Step 3: Run OpenHands

1. **Build the Frontend**
   ```powershell
   cd frontend
   npm install
   npm run build
   cd ..
   ```

   This will build the frontend files that the backend will serve.

2. **Start the Backend**
   ```powershell
   # Make sure to use PowerShell 7 (pwsh) instead of Windows PowerShell
   pwsh
   $env:RUNTIME="local"; poetry run uvicorn openhands.server.listen:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000 --reload --reload-exclude "./workspace"
   ```

   This will start the OpenHands app using the local runtime with PowerShell integration, available at `localhost:3000`.

   > **Note**: If you encounter a `RuntimeError: Directory './frontend/build' does not exist` error, make sure you've built the frontend first using the command above.

   > **Important**: Using PowerShell 7 (pwsh) instead of Windows PowerShell is recommended to avoid "System.Management.Automation" errors. If you encounter this error, see the Troubleshooting section below.

3. **Alternatively, Run the Frontend in Development Mode (in a separate PowerShell window)**
   ```powershell
   cd frontend
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Access the OpenHands GUI**

   Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:3000
   ```

   > **Note**: If you're running the frontend in development mode (using `npm run dev`), use port 3001 instead: `http://localhost:3001`

## Installing and Running the CLI

To install and run the OpenHands CLI on Windows without WSL, follow these steps:

### 1. Install uv (Python Package Manager)

Open PowerShell as Administrator and run:

```powershell
powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
```

### 2. Install .NET SDK (Required)

The OpenHands CLI **requires** the .NET Core runtime for PowerShell integration. Without it, the CLI will fail to start with a `coreclr` error. Install the .NET SDK which includes the runtime:

```powershell
winget install Microsoft.DotNet.SDK.8
```

Alternatively, you can download and install the .NET SDK from the [official Microsoft website](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download).

After installation, restart your PowerShell session to ensure the environment variables are updated.

### 3. Install and Run OpenHands

After installing the prerequisites, you can install and run OpenHands with:

```powershell
uvx --python 3.12 --from openhands-ai openhands
```

### Troubleshooting CLI Issues

#### CoreCLR Error

If you encounter an error like `Failed to load CoreCLR` or `pythonnet.load('coreclr')` when running OpenHands CLI, this indicates that the .NET Core runtime is missing or not properly configured. To fix this:

1. Install the .NET SDK as described in step 2 above
2. Verify that your system PATH includes the .NET SDK directories
3. Restart your PowerShell session completely after installing the .NET SDK
4. Make sure you're using PowerShell 7 (pwsh) rather than Windows PowerShell

To verify your .NET installation, run:

```powershell
dotnet --info
```

This should display information about your installed .NET SDKs and runtimes. If this command fails, the .NET SDK is not properly installed or not in your PATH.

If the issue persists after installing the .NET SDK, try installing the specific .NET Runtime version 6.0 or later from the [.NET download page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download).

## Limitations on Windows

When running OpenHands on Windows without WSL or Docker, be aware of the following limitations:

1. **Browser Tool Not Supported**: The browser tool is not currently supported on Windows.

2. **.NET Core Requirement**: The PowerShell integration requires .NET Core Runtime to be installed. The CLI implementation attempts to load the CoreCLR at startup with `pythonnet.load('coreclr')` and will fail with an error if .NET Core is not properly installed.

3. **Interactive Shell Commands**: Some interactive shell commands may not work as expected. The PowerShell session implementation has limitations compared to the bash session used on Linux/macOS.

4. **Path Handling**: Windows uses backslashes (`\`) in paths, which may require adjustments when working with code examples designed for Unix-like systems.

## Troubleshooting

### "System.Management.Automation" Not Found Error

If you encounter an error message stating that "System.Management.Automation" was not found, this typically indicates that you have a minimal version of PowerShell installed or that the .NET components required for PowerShell integration are missing.

> **IMPORTANT**: This error is most commonly caused by using the built-in Windows PowerShell (powershell.exe) instead of PowerShell 7 (pwsh.exe). Even if you installed PowerShell 7 during the prerequisites, you may still be using the older Windows PowerShell by default.

To resolve this issue:

1. **Install the latest version of PowerShell 7** from the official Microsoft repository:
   - Visit [https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases)
   - Download and install the latest MSI package for your system architecture (x64 for most systems)
   - During installation, ensure you select the following options:
     - "Add PowerShell to PATH environment variable"
     - "Register Windows PowerShell 7 as the default shell"
     - "Enable PowerShell remoting"
   - The installer will place PowerShell 7 in `C:\Program Files\PowerShell\7` by default

2. **Restart your terminal or command prompt** to ensure the new PowerShell is available

3. **Verify the installation** by running:
   ```powershell
   pwsh --version
   ```

   You should see output indicating PowerShell 7.x.x

4. **Run OpenHands using PowerShell 7** instead of Windows PowerShell:
   ```powershell
   pwsh
   cd path\to\openhands
   $env:RUNTIME="local"; poetry run uvicorn openhands.server.listen:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000 --reload --reload-exclude "./workspace"
   ```

   > **Note**: Make sure you're explicitly using `pwsh` (PowerShell 7) and not `powershell` (Windows PowerShell). The command prompt or terminal title should say "PowerShell 7" rather than just "Windows PowerShell".

5. **If the issue persists**, ensure that you have the .NET Runtime installed:
   - Download and install the latest .NET Runtime from [Microsoft's .NET download page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
   - Choose ".NET Runtime" (not SDK) version 6.0 or later
   - After installation, verify it's properly installed by running:
     ```powershell
     dotnet --info
     ```
   - Restart your computer after installation
   - Try running OpenHands again

6. **Ensure that the .NET Framework is properly installed** on your system:
   - Go to Control Panel > Programs > Programs and Features > Turn Windows features on or off
   - Make sure ".NET Framework 4.8 Advanced Services" is enabled
   - Click OK and restart if prompted

This error occurs because OpenHands uses the pythonnet package to interact with PowerShell, which requires the System.Management.Automation assembly from the .NET framework. A minimal PowerShell installation or older Windows PowerShell (rather than PowerShell 7+) might not include all the necessary components for this integration.
