docs/usage/prompting/microagents-keyword.mdx, before:

---
title: Keyword-Triggered Microagents
description: Keyword-triggered microagents provide OpenHands with specific instructions that are activated when certain keywords appear in the prompt. This is useful for tailoring behavior based on particular tools, languages, or frameworks.
---

## Usage

Keyword-triggered microagents are only loaded when a prompt includes one of the trigger words. There are two types of keyword-triggered microagents:

1. **Standard Keyword Microagents**: Triggered by keywords embedded in text
2. **Command-Style Microagents**: Triggered by command-style inputs (e.g., `/fix_test`) that can prompt for user input

Additionally, there's a special type of microagent that's always active:

3. **Repository Microagents**: Always active for a specific repository, providing repository-specific context and tools

## Frontmatter Syntax

Frontmatter is required for keyword-triggered microagents. It must be placed at the top of the file,
above the guidelines. Enclose the frontmatter in triple dashes (---).

### Standard Keyword Microagents

For standard keyword microagents, include the following fields:

| Field      | Description                                      | Required | Default          |
|------------|--------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| `name`     | The name of the microagent                       | No       | Filename         |
| `triggers` | A list of keywords that activate the microagent. | Yes      | None             |

### Command-Style Microagents

For command-style microagents that require user input, include the following fields:

| Field      | Description                                                | Required | Default          |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| `name`     | The name of the microagent                                 | No       | Filename         |
| `triggers` | A list of command triggers (e.g., `/fix_test`)             | No       | `/[name]`        |
| `inputs`   | A list of input variables the microagent requires          | Yes      | None             |

### Repository Microagents

Repository microagents are always active for a specific repository. They provide repository-specific context and tools.

| Field      | Description                                                | Required | Default          |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| `name`     | The name of the microagent                                 | No       | Filename         |
| `type`     | The type of microagent (must be `repo`)                    | Yes      | None             |

#### Repository Microagent Example

Here's an example of a repository microagent:

```yaml
---
type: repo
---

# Repository Guidelines

This repository follows these coding standards:
1. Use PEP 8 for Python code
2. Use ESLint for JavaScript code
3. Write unit tests for all new features
```

This microagent is always active when working with the repository and provides repository-specific guidelines.

### MCP Tools Support

Microagents can also provide additional MCP (Model-Code-Prompt) tools to the agent. This is useful for extending the agent's capabilities with custom tools.

| Field        | Description                                                | Required | Default          |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| `mcp_tools`  | Configuration for additional MCP tools                     | No       | None             |

#### MCP Tools Example

Here's an example of a microagent that provides an additional MCP tool (the `fetch` tool for accessing web content):

```yaml
---
type: repo
mcp_tools:
  stdio_servers:
    - name: "fetch"
      command: uvx
      args:
        - mcp-server-fetch
---
```

This microagent is a repository microagent (always active) that adds the `fetch` tool to the agent's capabilities.

Each input in the `inputs` list requires:

| Field         | Description                                      | Required |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------|----------|
| `name`        | The name of the input variable                   | Yes      |
| `description` | A description of what the input should contain   | Yes      |


## Examples

### Standard Keyword Microagent Example

Standard keyword microagent file example located at `.openhands/microagents/yummy.md`:
```
---
triggers:
- yummyhappy
- happyyummy
---

The user has said the magic word. Respond with "That was delicious!"
```

### Command-Style Microagent Example

Command-style microagent file example located at `.openhands/microagents/fix_test.md`:
```
---
triggers:
- /fix_test
inputs:
  - name: BRANCH_NAME
    description: "Branch for the agent to work on"
  - name: TEST_COMMAND_TO_RUN
    description: "The test command you want the agent to work on. For example, `pytest tests/unit/test_bash_parsing.py`"
  - name: FUNCTION_TO_FIX
    description: "The name of function to fix"
  - name: FILE_FOR_FUNCTION
    description: "The path of the file that contains the function"
---

Can you check out branch "{{ BRANCH_NAME }}", and run {{ TEST_COMMAND_TO_RUN }}.

Help me fix these tests to pass by fixing the {{ FUNCTION_TO_FIX }} function in file {{ FILE_FOR_FUNCTION }}.

PLEASE DO NOT modify the tests by yourself -- Let me know if you think some of the tests are incorrect.
```

## Using Command-Style Microagents

Command-style microagents are designed to streamline common development tasks by providing structured templates for specific operations. They are triggered using a command-style format and will prompt the user for any required inputs.

### How to Use

1. Type `/` in the chat input to see available command-style microagents
2. Select a microagent from the dropdown or type its name (e.g., `/fix_test`)
3. The agent will prompt you for any required inputs
4. Provide the requested information
5. The agent will execute the task with your inputs

### Template Variables

In the body of a command-style microagent, you can reference input variables using the `{{ VARIABLE_NAME }}` syntax. These will be replaced with the user-provided values when the microagent is triggered.

### Available Command-Style Microagents

OpenHands includes several built-in command-style microagents:

| Command              | Description                                           |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `/fix_test`          | Fix failing tests by modifying a specific function    |
| `/update_test`       | Update tests for a new implementation                 |
| `/update_pr`         | Update a pull request description                     |
| `/address_pr_comments` | Address comments on a pull request                  |
| `/add_repo_instruction` | Add instructions to the repository microagent      |

[See examples of microagents in the official OpenHands repository](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands/tree/main/microagents)

Commit message:

Update microagent documentation to clarify that type field is optional

docs/usage/prompting/microagents-keyword.mdx, after:

---
title: Keyword-Triggered Microagents
description: Keyword-triggered microagents provide OpenHands with specific instructions that are activated when certain keywords appear in the prompt. This is useful for tailoring behavior based on particular tools, languages, or frameworks.
---

## Usage

Keyword-triggered microagents are only loaded when a prompt includes one of the trigger words. There are two types of keyword-triggered microagents:

1. **Standard Keyword Microagents**: Triggered by keywords embedded in text
2. **Command-Style Microagents**: Triggered by command-style inputs (e.g., `/fix_test`) that can prompt for user input

Additionally, there's a special type of microagent that's always active:

3. **Repository Microagents**: Always active for a specific repository, providing repository-specific context and tools

## Frontmatter Syntax

Frontmatter is required for keyword-triggered microagents. It must be placed at the top of the file,
above the guidelines. Enclose the frontmatter in triple dashes (---).

### Standard Keyword Microagents

For standard keyword microagents, include the following fields:

| Field      | Description                                      | Required | Default          |
|------------|--------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| `name`     | The name of the microagent                       | No       | Filename         |
| `type`     | The type of microagent (`knowledge`)             | No       | Inferred         |
| `triggers` | A list of keywords that activate the microagent. | Yes      | None             |

### Command-Style Microagents

For command-style microagents that require user input, include the following fields:

| Field      | Description                                                | Required | Default          |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| `name`     | The name of the microagent                                 | No       | Filename         |
| `type`     | The type of microagent (`task`)                            | No       | Inferred         |
| `triggers` | A list of command triggers (e.g., `/fix_test`)             | No       | `/[name]`        |
| `inputs`   | A list of input variables the microagent requires          | Yes      | None             |

### Repository Microagents

Repository microagents are always active for a specific repository. They provide repository-specific context and tools.

| Field      | Description                                                | Required | Default          |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| `name`     | The name of the microagent                                 | No       | Filename         |
| `type`     | The type of microagent (`repo`)                            | No       | Inferred         |

#### Repository Microagent Example

Here's an example of a repository microagent:

```yaml
---
# The type field is optional and will be inferred as 'repo' when no triggers are present
---

# Repository Guidelines

This repository follows these coding standards:
1. Use PEP 8 for Python code
2. Use ESLint for JavaScript code
3. Write unit tests for all new features
```

This microagent is always active when working with the repository and provides repository-specific guidelines.

### MCP Tools Support

Microagents can also provide additional MCP (Model-Code-Prompt) tools to the agent. This is useful for extending the agent's capabilities with custom tools.

| Field        | Description                                                | Required | Default          |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|----------|------------------|
| `mcp_tools`  | Configuration for additional MCP tools                     | No       | None             |

#### MCP Tools Example

Here's an example of a microagent that provides an additional MCP tool (the `fetch` tool for accessing web content):

```yaml
---
# The type field is optional and will be inferred as 'repo' when no triggers are present
mcp_tools:
  stdio_servers:
    - name: "fetch"
      command: uvx
      args:
        - mcp-server-fetch
---
```

This microagent is a repository microagent (always active) that adds the `fetch` tool to the agent's capabilities.

Each input in the `inputs` list requires:

| Field         | Description                                      | Required |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------|----------|
| `name`        | The name of the input variable                   | Yes      |
| `description` | A description of what the input should contain   | Yes      |


## Examples

### Standard Keyword Microagent Example

Standard keyword microagent file example located at `.openhands/microagents/yummy.md`:
```yaml
---
# The type field is optional and will be inferred as 'knowledge' when triggers are present
triggers:
- yummyhappy
- happyyummy
---

The user has said the magic word. Respond with "That was delicious!"
```

### Command-Style Microagent Example

Command-style microagent file example located at `.openhands/microagents/fix_test.md`:
```yaml
---
# The type field is optional and will be inferred as 'task' when inputs are present
triggers:
- /fix_test
inputs:
  - name: BRANCH_NAME
    description: "Branch for the agent to work on"
  - name: TEST_COMMAND_TO_RUN
    description: "The test command you want the agent to work on. For example, `pytest tests/unit/test_bash_parsing.py`"
  - name: FUNCTION_TO_FIX
    description: "The name of function to fix"
  - name: FILE_FOR_FUNCTION
    description: "The path of the file that contains the function"
---

Can you check out branch "{{ BRANCH_NAME }}", and run {{ TEST_COMMAND_TO_RUN }}.

Help me fix these tests to pass by fixing the {{ FUNCTION_TO_FIX }} function in file {{ FILE_FOR_FUNCTION }}.

PLEASE DO NOT modify the tests by yourself -- Let me know if you think some of the tests are incorrect.
```

## Using Command-Style Microagents

Command-style microagents are designed to streamline common development tasks by providing structured templates for specific operations. They are triggered using a command-style format and will prompt the user for any required inputs.

### How to Use

1. Type `/` in the chat input to see available command-style microagents
2. Select a microagent from the dropdown or type its name (e.g., `/fix_test`)
3. The agent will prompt you for any required inputs
4. Provide the requested information
5. The agent will execute the task with your inputs

### Template Variables

In the body of a command-style microagent, you can reference input variables using the `{{ VARIABLE_NAME }}` syntax. These will be replaced with the user-provided values when the microagent is triggered.

### Available Command-Style Microagents

OpenHands includes several built-in command-style microagents:

| Command              | Description                                           |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `/fix_test`          | Fix failing tests by modifying a specific function    |
| `/update_test`       | Update tests for a new implementation                 |
| `/update_pr`         | Update a pull request description                     |
| `/address_pr_comments` | Address comments on a pull request                  |
| `/add_repo_instruction` | Add instructions to the repository microagent      |

[See examples of microagents in the official OpenHands repository](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands/tree/main/microagents)
