docs/usage/prompting/microagents-overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Microagents Overview
description: Microagents are specialized prompts that enhance OpenHands with domain-specific knowledge. They provide expert guidance, automate common tasks, and ensure consistent practices across projects.
---

## Microagent Types

Currently OpenHands supports the following types of microagents:

- [General Microagents](./microagents-repo): General guidelines for OpenHands about the repository.
- [Keyword-Triggered Microagents](./microagents-keyword): Guidelines activated by specific keywords in prompts.

To customize OpenHands' behavior, create a .openhands/microagents/ directory in the root of your repository and
add `<microagent_name>.md` files inside.

<Note>
Loaded microagents take up space in the context window.
These microagents, alongside user messages, inform OpenHands about the task and the environment.
</Note>

Example repository structure:

```
some-repository/
└── .openhands/
    └── microagents/
        └── repo.md            # General guidelines
        └── trigger_this.md    # Microagent triggered by specific keywords
        └── trigger_that.md    # Microagent triggered by specific keywords
```

## Microagents Frontmatter Requirements

Each microagent file may include frontmatter that provides additional information. In some cases, this frontmatter
is required:

| Microagent Type                 | Required |
|---------------------------------|----------|
| `General Microagents`           | No       |
| `Keyword-Triggered Microagents` | Yes      |

Commit message:

Improve repo.md documentation to instruct OpenHands on capturing repository context efficiently

docs/usage/prompting/microagents-overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Microagents Overview
description: Microagents are specialized prompts that enhance OpenHands with domain-specific knowledge. They provide expert guidance, automate common tasks, and ensure consistent practices across projects.
---

## Microagent Types

Currently OpenHands supports the following types of microagents:

- [General Microagents](./microagents-repo): General guidelines for OpenHands about the repository.
- [Keyword-Triggered Microagents](./microagents-keyword): Guidelines activated by specific keywords in prompts.

To customize OpenHands' behavior, create a .openhands/microagents/ directory in the root of your repository and
add `<microagent_name>.md` files inside. For repository-specific guidelines, you can ask OpenHands to analyze your repository and create a comprehensive `repo.md` file (see [General Microagents](./microagents-repo) for details).

<Note>
Loaded microagents take up space in the context window.
These microagents, alongside user messages, inform OpenHands about the task and the environment.
</Note>

Example repository structure:

```
some-repository/
└── .openhands/
    └── microagents/
        └── repo.md            # General guidelines
        └── trigger_this.md    # Microagent triggered by specific keywords
        └── trigger_that.md    # Microagent triggered by specific keywords
```

## Microagents Frontmatter Requirements

Each microagent file may include frontmatter that provides additional information. In some cases, this frontmatter
is required:

| Microagent Type                 | Required |
|---------------------------------|----------|
| `General Microagents`           | No       |
| `Keyword-Triggered Microagents` | Yes      |
